The Hershey Company NYSE:HSY
FQ2 2020 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Thursday, July 23, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.71

1.13

15.93

5.77

6.25

Revenue  (mm)

2086.53

1739.35

(1.84 %)

7982.26

8185.53

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-22-2020 11:16 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

1.17

1.60

1.24

1.71

1.31

1.61

1.28

1.63

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11.97 %

0.62 %

3.23 %

(4.68 %)

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Melissa Poole
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michele Gross Buck
Chairman, President & CEO

Steven E. Voskuil
Senior VP, CFO & Chief Accounting
Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Presentation

Melissa Poole
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the prerecorded discussion of the Hershey Company's Second
Quarter 2020 Earnings Results.

My name is Melissa Poole, and I'm the Vice President of Investor Relations at Hershey. Joining me today
are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck; and Hershey's Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve
Voskuil.

In addition to these remarks, we will host an analyst Q&A-only session at 8:30 a.m. Eastern on the
morning of July 23. A replay of this webcast and our subsequent Q&A session will be available on the
Investor Relations section of our website, along with their corresponding transcripts.

During the course of today's discussion, management will make forward-looking statements that are
subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions
regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and
assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from
those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors. The company undertakes
no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and
uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings.

Finally, please note that during today's discussions, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures
that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is
not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in
accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release.

It is now my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck.

Michele Gross Buck
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of the entire company, we hope you, your
colleagues and your loved ones are continuing to stay safe and healthy.

We have all experienced significant change and new challenges over these past several months. Things
we never predicted are now realities that we are all adapting to. Things we thought would evolve over
the course of several years have changed in weeks. I could not be prouder of the Hershey organization
for how they have responded. At the center of our culture is the shared belief that Hershey and its people
stand for togetherness, integrity, excellence and making a difference. These values have shined even
more brightly over the past several months. Our teams have worked together tirelessly to keep each other
safe, our supply chain running, our customers' needs met and our consumers stocked with snacks that
make their lives a little more delicious during these very difficult times. Our teammates have done this
with care and compassion for each other and the communities in which they live, and they are energized
and inspired to leverage this moment to drive positive change for the future. I want to thank the entire
organization, from retail to manufacturing and across our corporate international and regional offices, for
the hard work and commitment they bring every day.

The marketplace remains volatile as the virus and consumer behavior evolves. We saw significant changes
as we progress through the second quarter, but our teams did a fantastic job of adapting to these changes
and continued to execute exceptionally well. The first half of the quarter was particularly challenging
as global economic growth contracted and government-mandated restrictions and closures impacted
consumer mobility and, in turn, our performance. We did see an improvement later in the quarter as
economies began to reopen and consumers return to more activities outside the home.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

We continue to feel good about our long-term strategies and the strength we saw in our core products and
channels during the quarter. Despite new challenges and increased complexities, we delivered profitable
category-leading sales growth in North America. These gains were offset by sales declines in areas heavily
impacted by the pandemic and related government restrictions and consumer mobility limitations. Our
agile investment mindset enabled us to quickly pivot and mitigate sales declines in areas impacted by
consumer mobility restrictions.

In addition, our advantaged margin structure and strong cost management helped us to mitigate
incremental COVID-19-related costs to enable us to deliver adjusted earnings per share in line with last
year. We expect accelerated sales growth in the second half of the year based on momentum exiting the
quarter, assuming there's no significant disruption to current consumer trends. We also expect pricing and
strong cost management to drive margin expansion and earnings growth in the second half of the year.

Now let me share some details on our North American business. While we have seen significant channel
disruption and changes in consumer behavior, our brands and categories remain an important part of
consumers' lives and have performed relatively well. We saw strong performance in the food, mass, dollar
and e-commerce classes of trade, consistent with broader channel trends. Our e-commerce sales growth
remains significantly higher than our pre-COVID baseline, with year-over-year sales growth accelerating
further in the second quarter to 200%. Category trends in drug, convenience and club channels were more
pressured, though all sequentially improved as we progressed through the quarter as consumers return to
more normal activities away from home. While COVID-19 has impacted traffic to some key channels in the
short term, we continue to believe our channel diversification is a long-term strategic advantage.

Despite some of these pressures, our combined retail takeaway in measured channels was up over 4%
in the quarter and it was up almost 9% in June. Importantly, we are winning share in every channel this
year, and our share growth is strongest in the largest channels that are experiencing the most growth.
We are leading not only through our portfolio of iconic brands, consumer-relevant marketing and strong
execution, but with our thought leadership as well. Within confection, this has enabled us to drive growth
that far exceeds the category and expand our #1 share position in the U.S. Our category share grew 225
basis points in the second quarter, bringing our year-to-date share gain to 150 basis points.

The chocolate category is performing well with growth of approximately 4% in measured channels for
the first half of the year despite a shorter Easter. Everyday chocolate sales have consistently grown 9%
since the pandemic began. While take-home products are driving outsized growth, instant consumable
products are also growing. Hershey has outperformed the category with sales growth across brands that
accelerated as we progressed through the quarter. In June, Hershey's chocolate portfolio grew 13%, with
Reese's, Hershey's and Kit Kat brands each growing 14%. Key brands, such as Payday, York, Almond Joy,
Mounds, Heath and Rolo, also all grew during the month, resulting in a combined growth rate of over 11%.

Our key chocolate innovation is also performing well. As we discussed in April, much of our innovation was
launched prior to the pandemic hitting the U.S. Despite softening convenience store trends in the quarter,
our instant consumable innovation remains on track. Our Reese's Take5 relaunch is set to double the size
of the brand this year to approximately $70 million of retail sales, and our Kit Kat flavor innovation is
doing very well with Kit Kat Duos and Kit Kat Birthday Cake, both driving incremental brand household
penetration and frequency. Distribution of our new THiNS innovation was delayed slightly by the pandemic
at several customers, but it's now in full distribution and velocities are strong.

We have secured strong merchandising in-store for our key summer promotions, including S'mores,
Twizzlers and our Reese's Lovers In and Out Promotion. Our teams have shown great agility to adjust
messaging and deliver consumer-relevant content to drive growth of 14% on these programs versus last
year. Our Twizzlers and Jolly Rancher brands grew a combined 6% in the second quarter, also ahead of
the category. Our strong in-store merchandising on Twizzlers has been amplified by consumer-relevant
marketing to drive accelerated growth this summer as consumers enjoy this classic treat while watching
movies at home or in the car on their summer road trips.

As we mentioned in April, the refreshment category has been negatively impacted by social distancing
as the functional need for breath freshening has lessened. While trends have improved since April, the
category continued to decline 20% to 25% in June. Our business has trended relatively in line with the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

category. We expect category trends to remain challenged until social distancing guidelines relax. Sales
for our baking items are performing exceptionally well with growth of over 40% in second quarter. This
growth was across products, including syrup, baking chips, toppings and cocoa, as consumers spend more
time at home together in the kitchen. We have capitalized on this trend to sustain momentum, increasing
marketing spend and generating more content and recipes for our consumers. This is important for the
second half of the year, when baking takes on an even bigger role in U.S. households.

Finally, let me touch on our better-for-you snack portfolio. Our salty snack brands have shown solid
growth this year. As we shared on our call in April, we did experience some softness early in the second
quarter as our in-store presence and supply was negatively impacted by COVID-19. We worked quickly to
improve our execution and in-store distribution and merchandising, resulting in accelerated performance in
late May and June. In the month of June, our SkinnyPop and Pirate's Booty brands grew 8.4% and 3.7%,
respectively, in measured channels. And total sales growth outpaced these levels, bolstered by strong
growth in club and e-commerce.

While we saw strong sales growth in measured channels, as expected, this was partially offset by
significant declines in our food service and specialty retail businesses. Trends improved as we progressed
through the quarter as many locations reopened, however, traffic and sales remained below prior year
levels in June. While we expect the second half headwind in these channels to be less severe than the
second quarter impact, uncertainty remains as consumer behaviors continue to evolve, COVID-19 cases
rise and regions consider mitigating actions to control the spread of the virus.

Before I discuss our international segment, let me spend a few minutes providing an update on Halloween.
As many of you know, Halloween is our largest season and it represents approximately 10% of our annual
sales. We begin manufacturing product in the second quarter and primarily ship product to stores in
the third quarter. Halloween celebrations are likely to be different this year with an earlier start to the
season and more geographic differences than in prior years. We expect that there will be more at-home
activities with families sharing timeless traditions and new ways for people to celebrate with neighbors.
It is important to note that nearly 50% of Halloween candy spend is on treat for me and candy bowl
occasions, which start early in the season. Trick or treating represents the other 50% of the season with
sales concentrated in the last 2 weeks of October. While research indicates trick-or-treating participation
will likely be below prior year levels due to COVID-19 concerns, the expectation of this holiday tradition
has been consistently improving over the past several weeks. We expect to outperform the category, given
our iconic brands, strong innovation and merchandising and great execution.

While we have visibility to orders and current consumer intentions, we expect the virus and consumer
sentiment to evolve in the months leading up to the season, which could present some risk to sell-
through. We will continue to monitor consumer behavior and local guidelines and partner with our retailers
to help consumers celebrate the season of Halloween during this uncertain time.

Now let me shift gears and discuss our International and Other segment. As anticipated, second quarter
results were significantly impacted by COVID-19. As we shared in April, our owned retail Chocolate World
locations were closed during the second quarter, and we saw a meaningful impact on our travel retail
business as air travel declined. While our locations have begun to reopen and air travel is beginning to
improve, traffic remains well below historic levels, and we anticipate a slower recovery in these channels.

In several of our key international markets, notably, Mexico, India and Brazil, we have seen a significant
increase in coronavirus cases over the past several months. While measures to stem the spread of the
virus have varied by country, we have consistently seen these measures and their associated economic
impact pressure chocolate category sales. In many of these markets, chocolate consumption is not as
embedded in the culture as it is in the United States, and it is premium priced versus other food and
snacking options. Category trends did improve as the quarter progressed, but they remain below prior
year levels. While we saw strength in some of our other items in key markets, such as cocoa powder,
syrup and spreads, it wasn't enough to offset the chocolate declines. We have responded to these
recent trends and scaled back investments accordingly to help mitigate the COVID-19 impact on our
business. We remain committed to our international strategy over the long term, and we will maintain an

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

appropriate level of investment to capture opportunities as the macroeconomic environment and pandemic
improve.

Now let me turn it over to Steve to provide some more details of our financial results as well as our
outlook for the rest of the year. Steve?

Steven E. Voskuil
Senior VP, CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Thanks, Michele, and good morning, everyone. Before reviewing the detailed results for the second
quarter, I want to build on Michele's remarks and commend our team's ability to adapt, execute and make
smart decisions quickly during this unprecedented time.

While our top line was challenged due to COVID-19-related softness in certain areas of the business,
and we incurred incremental costs related to the pandemic, strong price realization in North America and
proactive cost management allowed us to sustain profitability and deliver earnings in line with last year. As
we look to the balance of the year, we anticipate incremental improvement to our top line and feel good
about the plans we have in place to continue to adapt and manage the opportunities and challenges that
may arise in this dynamic operating environment.

During the second quarter, reported net sales decreased by 3.4% versus the same period a year ago,
with an organic constant currency decline of 3.5%. As Michele mentioned, these declines were driven by
COVID-19-related pressures to our International and Other segment, as well as nontraditional channels in
the U.S. such as food service and specialty retail. These declines were partially offset by strength in our
confection business in measured channels, which benefited from elevated at-home demand and strong
price realization. Despite these top line challenges and incremental COVID-19-related manufacturing
costs, price realization and productivity savings enabled us to maintain our peer-leading adjusted gross
margin of 46.4% in the second quarter, relatively in line with prior year.

Adjusted operating profit increased 4.4% in the second quarter, resulting in a 170 basis point
improvement to operating profit margin versus the prior year period. Incremental incentives, cleaning
and PPE costs were more than offset by travel and meeting expense favorability as well as marketing
spend optimization to align with consumer demand changes in the quarter. In North America, organic
constant currency sales growth of 0.4% was driven by pricing and elevated at-home consumption of our
chocolate and baking items. This was partially offset by sales declines in food service, specialty retail
and our refreshment brands due to COVID-19. Price realization contributed 4.2 points in the quarter,
which was slightly ahead of expectations due to incremental trade efficiencies realized from revenue
management and selective programming choices related to COVID-19. We continue to expect second half
price realization to be approximately 1.5 to 2 points, driven primarily by our July 2019 price increase.

Food service, specialty retail and refreshment were each down approximately 40% during the second
quarter. We continue to expect these businesses to be negatively impacted by COVID-19 during the
balance of the year, but improve incrementally as the economy and consumer mobility continue to recover.
In measured channels, retail takeaway for Hershey was 4.1% for the second quarter, driven by strength
in demand for our take-home confection and baking business and strong execution by our supply chain to
ensure product was available and on shelf. We did not see this fully flow through to net sales as retailer
inventory levels continued to be depleted to satisfy a portion of this demand. As a result, we expect these
inventory levels to be replenished in the coming months, contributing approximately 1 to 2 points of
growth in the second half of the year.

Adjusted gross margin for the North America segment expanded 20 basis points to 47.5% for the second
quarter, driven by strong price realization, which more than offset a challenging 2019 lap of favorable mix
and incremental COVID-19-related costs for incentives, cleaning and PPE. Mix was a slight headwind for
the quarter, driven primarily by lapping the significant mix benefit from Q2 of 2019 versus the COVID-19-
driven mix shifts this year. As Michele mentioned, our instant consumable business has continued to grow,
which has helped maintain our margin strength. As a result, we do not anticipate mix being a material
driver of earnings in the second half.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

North America advertising and related consumer marketing spend decreased 10.8% in the second
quarter, driven by media cost efficiencies and selective programming optimization related to COVID-19.
Approximately half of our spend reduction was driven by favorable digital media costs in the marketplace,
a portion of which we expect to sustain in the second half. The remaining declines were driven by
reduced investment in brands negatively impacted by COVID-19 trends, including Ice Breakers and select
chocolate brands that are disproportionately sold in a convenience store class of trade. As consumer
trends improved in May and June, we began reinvesting in these businesses. These actions are a
testament to our capabilities and willingness to adapt quickly to changes in the marketplace. As we look to
the balance of the year, we will continue to be mindful of the evolving operating environment, but plan to
invest more in advertising and consumer marketing as sales trends improve.

In our International and Other segment, organic constant currency sales declined 33.4% in the second
quarter, driven by COVID-19-related softness in our owned Chocolate World retail locations, large declines
in air travel and performance in key international markets. Combined constant currency net sales in
Mexico, Brazil, India and China declined 31.8% versus the second quarter in 2019. As Michele mentioned,
we expect our international business to be slower to recover and likely challenged for the balance of year
because of both COVID-19-related restrictions, and economic conditions impacting consumer participation
in the chocolate category. Our owned retail businesses were closed for nearly the entire second quarter,
though all have reopened on a limited basis with appropriate COVID-19-related precautions. While our
stores have reopened, we do expect significantly decreased foot traffic during the second half of the year
and therefore, expect sales to remain below prior year levels.

Given these declines to the top line, we have taken a disciplined look at our variable cost base and
optimize where feasible, while still maintaining the appropriate level of brand investment. This resulted in
savings in advertising and related consumer marketing, along with travel expenses of approximately $15
million. The segment reported a slightly negative operating income of $4 million for the second quarter.
We continue to expect gradual recovery throughout the second half of the year, but do not expect the
segment to return to the same level as last year. While this segment has borne the greatest impact from
COVID-19, we remain committed to the right balance of investment and support to ensure acceleration
post-COVID-19.

Shifting to items below operating profit, interest expense was $38 million for the second quarter, an
increase of $4.3 million versus the same period a year ago due to higher debt balances from debt
issuances in October 2019. Other expense of $11.2 million represented a decline of $1.9 million due to
the purchase of fewer tax credits and lower nonservice-related pension expense. The adjusted tax rate in
the second quarter increased by 4.6% to 19.4%. This increase was due to the lapping of a prior period
benefit related to the release of valuation allowances in select international markets. At this time, we do
not anticipate any material changes to the tax and other income expense outlook that we shared with you
in January. We do, however, expect interest expense to marginally increase over the prior year due to the
bond issuance in October 2019 and May 2020.

Despite any short-term challenges posed by COVID-19, we remain confident in our strong cash flow and
healthy balance sheet to manage through the current crisis and beyond. At the end of the second quarter,
we had approximately $1.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet, an increase of $800
million versus last year, and $614 million in operating cash flow. To further mitigate potential risk and
to take advantage of favorable rates in the capital markets, we issued $1 billion of bonds in the second
quarter with staggered maturities, while paying long-term debt of $350 million that came due in May. We
continue to have a peer-leading capital structure, providing ability and agility to adapt to the dynamic
environment we are operating in. Given our strong free cash flow and liquidity, we remain committed to
our long-term capital priorities with a balanced approach to investing in the business and returning cash to
our stockholders, all while managing through this volatile environment.

First, let's discuss our commitment to reinvestment. In the second quarter, total capital additions,
including software, were approximately $87 million, bringing our year-to-date investment to $186 million.
As discussed in April, our revised capital spending full year outlook of $400 million to $450 million reflects
selectively pausing portions of our ERP transformation and supply chain capacity and capability initiatives.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Both ERP and our supply chain initiative, while rephased, remain on track and are critical capabilities to
deliver our long-term strategic initiatives.

Now shifting to returning cash to our stockholders which remains a steadfast priority in our capital
allocation strategy. Earlier this morning, we announced our third quarter dividend, reflecting a 4%
increase. While the company did not repurchase any shares in the second quarter against the July
2018 $500 million authorization, we did repurchase $42 million of common stock in connection with
replenishment of stock options. We remain confident that our balanced approach to business investment
and returning cash to stockholders will continue to provide sustained stockholder returns now and in the
future.

As you saw in the press release, we are not providing new 2020 fiscal guidance at this time. While the
company's performance improved over the course of the second quarter, the impact of recent spikes in
coronavirus cases on consumer mobility, retail operations, government regulations and the macroeconomic
environment remains unclear. With that being said, we do want to provide some visibility into our latest
thinking for the balance of the year, which is based on our current understanding of the operating
environment.

In the North America segment, the company expects accelerated sales growth in the second half of
the year, driven by elevated at-home consumption, price realization and the replenishment of retailer
and distributor inventory levels. These gains are anticipated to offset improving, but still pressured,
sales in the food service and specialty retail channel. The company does not currently expect seasonal
performance to have a material impact on second half financial results, though the impact of a resurgence
of COVID-19 cases on consumer participation in seasonal activities remains uncertain. In the International
and Other segment, the company expects demand to slowly rebound in the second half of the year, but
remain below prior year levels as owned stores, travel retail and developing markets recover more slowly.

Finally, as it relates to sales, during the second quarter, we completed the planned divestitures of our
Krave, Dagoba and Scharffen Berger brands. These divestitures are expected to have a relatively small 20
basis point impact to sales in the second half and an immaterial impact to earnings per share. Solid price
realization and strong cost management are anticipated to offset some of the incremental COVID-19 costs
we are facing. COVID-19 costs are expected to be less in the second half of the year, mainly for increased
plant sanitation and personal protective equipment for manufacturing and sales teams. We anticipate that
price realization will continue to drive gross margin gains, though to a lesser extent than the first half of
the year as we begin to lap the announcement of the 2019 price increase.

Selling, general and administrative expenses should continue to show favorability in the back half of the
year behind lower travel and meeting expenses and favorable incentive compensation versus prior year.
And finally, as it relates to brand investment, we intend to continue investing in North America and further
optimize spend in the International and Other segment in accordance with expected sales trends.

While we have not issued new guidance today, we hope this additional perspective is helpful to understand
our approach to managing through the crisis and our high level expectations for the next several months,
pending the continued evolution of the pandemic. We remain confident in our team, our plan and our agile
operating model to deliver solid shareholder returns this year and in the future.

Now I will turn it back to Michele.

Michele Gross Buck
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Steve. During a time of extraordinary changes and challenges this quarter, our teams responded
with agility and executed well against factors within our control. We have balanced delivering today with
making calculated investments that we believe will enable us to emerge even stronger after the pandemic.

In times of risk and crisis, cultures are either strengthened or weakened. Hershey has come together
and thrived as a team, committed to serving our consumers and our communities. Our purpose and
commitment to operating sustainably and responsibly continues to move us forward. Last month, we
released our 2019 sustainability report that highlights some of the great progress we have made in this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

space as well as some of our key priorities for the future. I encourage you to go to our website and take a
look.

In addition to the sustainability report, you will also find information on some of our more recent actions
and pledges. Let me take a minute to discuss 2 that are top of mind related to recent events.

We have long supported our communities and given the unprecedented need many are facing right now,
we have amplified these efforts. In addition to increasing our product and monetary donations, we have
invested in our own mask production line to service our employees, their families and our communities.
Second, for many years, we have pursued a vision of building a more diverse and inclusive company.
We have been recognized for our progress, including being named the top food company for diversity by
DiversityInc. Recently, we initiated a company-wide dialogue to listen, learn and grow together. Through
that dialogue, we have seen the very best of our Hershey culture, and a genuine desire to do more in the
flight against systemic racism.

We announced a set of initiatives to support black and brown communities and accelerate increasing black
and brown representation and internal development at Hershey and amongst our key partners to promote
social and economic progress. We believe these initiatives will help address the need for meaningful, long-
term change in our society and include evolving our approach to recruiting, talent development, training
and reporting as well as pledging monetary donations to organizations to actively fight systemic racism.

To close, we believe Hershey is well positioned to adapt and succeed over the long term. We have scale
brands in growing categories that consumers love and trust. We have a highly efficient, yet agile, supply
chain that we are investing in for the future. And we have advantaged capabilities in analytics, media,
category management and sales that we believe position us well to drive profitable growth in the future.
And we have a team that is dedicated to our purpose of making more moments of goodness. We remain
confident and committed to our long-term strategies and financial targets.
With that, we conclude our prepared remarks for this morning. Thank you for your time this morning. I
invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin today at 8:30 a.m. Eastern
Time and will be available at thehersheycompany.com. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ2 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

