The Clorox Company NYSE:CLX
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, August 03, 2020 5:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.99

2.41

21.11

1.72

6.92

7.36

6.36

7.51

1856.55

1983.00

6.81

1655.38

6593.47

6721.00

1.93

6793.21

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-03-2020 1:03 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.54

1.33

1.63

1.99

1.59

1.46

1.89

2.41

3.25 %

9.77 %

15.95 %

21.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Jonathan Patrick Feeney
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Linda Ann Bolton-Weiser
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Clorox Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year
2020 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ms. Lisah Burhan, Vice President of Investor
Relations for The Clorox Company. Ms. Burhan, you may begin your conference.

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Lori. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We hope you and your family are
safe and well. On the call with me today are Benno Dorer, our Chair and CEO; Kevin Jacobsen, our CFO;
and Linda Rendle, our President and CEO-elect.

Before we go through our Q4 and full year results, I'd like to turn it over to Benno to say a few words
about the leadership changes announced today. Benno?

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Thank you, Lisah, and hello, everyone. You've likely seen this morning's announcement about my decision
to step down from my role as CEO, with our current President, Linda Rendle, being named my successor
effective September 14. I will continue to serve as Executive Chair of the Board. It has been my great
privilege to carry forward the legacy of generations of strong Clorox leaders in my pursuit of good growth;
growth that is profitable, sustainable and responsible. The idea of good growth was created based on the
very strong belief that companies can deliver great results the right way. And that serving employees,
communities and the planet as a whole is as important as serving shareholders, and that's how we
generate profit matters. I am proud that as a company, we have always been strategy led and committed
to our values, both of which have guided us successfully in making the right choices on behalf of our
shareholders and all of our stakeholders. After 15 terrific years at the company, I am particularly grateful
for my teams of 8,800 strong, and especially for the current executive team. I have great confidence in
them. I also want to thank the Board of Directors for their support of a guy who ventured out of a small
town in the German Black forest 35 years ago to pursue a dream that led me to places and allowed me
to do things I could not have possibly imagined. My thanks also go out to everyone in the investment
community around the world for your support, helpful perspective, and of course, your candor which I look
forward to momentarily. I appreciate all of you, and I particularly appreciate the wonderful friendships that
I've been able to make along the way.

On September 14, I could not be more pleased to hand over the reins to Linda, and I look forward to
supporting her and her team. I've worked with Linda for 13 of her 17 years with the company. She is an
exceptional leader with an outstanding track record, the right leader for this great company, and I cannot
wait for all of you to be able to see what she can do. Linda is joining us today and will participate in Q&A
and also say a few words toward the end of the call. Thank you. It's been an honor and a privilege.

And with that, I'll turn it back over to Lisah.

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Benno. I've really enjoyed working with you since I started at Clorox on the Glad business more
than 15 years ago. And I look forward to working closely with Linda as well.

A few reminders before we go into results. We're broadcasting this call over the Internet, and a replay of
the call will be available for 7 days at our website, thecloroxcompany.com.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements, including statements related to the expected or
potential impact of COVID-19. These statements are based on management's current expectation but may
differ from actual results or outcomes.

In addition, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the forward-looking
statements section, which identifies various factors that could affect such forward-looking statements and
the non-GAAP financial information section, including the table that reconcile non-GAAP financial measures
to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Both of which are located at the end of today's earnings
release, which has also been posted on our website and filed with the SEC.

Turning to today's discussion of our results. I'll start by covering our top line commentary as usual, with
highlights in each of our segments. Kevin will then address our financial results as well as outlook for the
fiscal year 2021. Finally, Benno will offer his perspective, and we'll close with a Q&A.

For the total company, Q4 sales increased 22%, reflecting double-digit growth in all 4 reportable
segments. Full year sales were up 8%.

I'll now go through our results by segment. As you may have seen in our press release, we've made some
changes to our reportable segments, with a newly formed Health and Wellness segment replacing our
Cleaning segment and the realignment of several business units. In our Health and Wellness segment,
Q4 sales were up 33% for the quarter and full year sales grew 14%. Cleaning, which merges Home Care
and Laundry, is our largest business unit in the company, representing about 30% of total company
sales in FY '20. The business had another quarter of double-digit sales growth behind continued elevated
demand across the portfolio. While we've been able to add significant capacity, demand still far exceeds
supply, leading to continued out of stock for many products. This, coupled with our focus on assortment
simplification to increase output and our prioritization of health care facilities is impacting our market
share and distribution points, especially in track channels. We expect to improve our share of assortment
over time as we expand production. On a full year basis, Cleaning sales also grew by double digits
behind a very strong back half performance. Our data continues to show that the majority of the sales
increase we've seen since March has been from new users, leading to an unprecedented growth in
household penetration for the Clorox brand. We're excited to continue to drive our categories and maintain
momentum by increasing our investments in brand building and innovation. However, our most urgent
priority remains to continue aggressively expanding our production capacity to meet consumer demand,
which we anticipate will remain elevated for some time. These investments support our IGNITE Strategy
to strengthen our core and continue to leverage the health and wellness megatrend at a time when our
brands are more relevant than ever.

Our Professional Products business, making up about 7% of total company sales in FY '20, also has
double-digit sales growth in Q4, supported by strong shipments across all of our disinfecting platforms.
Full year sales also grew by double digits, fueled by an exceptional performance in the back half. As a
reminder, the main source of revenue for our professional products comes from providing commercial
cleaning and disinfecting solutions to both the health care and janitorial channels. Our broad range of
solutions include platforms such as the Clorox Total 360 system, which uses an electrostatic technology to
deliver disinfectants to large hard-to-reach areas; as well as Clorox Germicidal Bleach, Clorox Hydrogen
Peroxide disinfecting cleaners and Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. We believe our brand has broader reach
beyond the channels we're in today, and that this business will continue to have significant growth
opportunities. We're proud that our products can help support public health, and we're excited about the
recent strategic partnerships we've established with Uber Technologies, United Airlines, AMC Theaters and
Cleveland Clinic.

Lastly, within the Health and Wellness segment. Our Vitamins, Minerals and Supplements business
combines RenewLife and Nutranext, representing about 4% of the total company sales in FY '20. Sales
in our VMS business decreased by double digits this quarter. There were 2 main drivers for the decline:
first, our Nutranext brands continued to experience a supply disruption related to COVID-19 in a third-
party fulfillment center that prevented us from meeting what has been a healthy demand. We're currently
transitioning to a new provider and expect the situation to be fully resolved in the fall; second, RenewLife
faced ongoing category and competitive challenges. Looking forward, our full brand relaunch remains on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

track for FY '21, and we're continuing to work on partnering with retailers to reinvigorate the category. Full
year sales for the VMS business also declined double digits due to similar drivers as in Q4.

Turning to the Household segment. Q4 sales were up 17%, reflecting growth across all 3 businesses. And
full year sales grew 1%.

Glass sales were up by double digits in Q4, behind strong demand for our products as consumers continue
to stay at home. We're also pleased to see share growth in our Glad trash bags segment driven mainly by
strong innovation. We launched a new experiential Glad ForceFlex trash bags featuring unique fragrances
and colors in Q3, and early reception has been positive. For the full year, Glad sales grew slightly reflecting
sequential improvement throughout the year, ending with a very strong Q4. We're focused on building on
this momentum and investing further behind our differentiated platform with more innovation planned for
FY '21.

Grilling sales grew by double digits in Q4, fueled by strong consumption, both due to increased grilling
occasions among existing users as well as new users entering the category. We're also pleased to
see share and household penetration growth this quarter, supported by our new Kingsford strategy.
Collaboration with our retail partners have been strong, and growth this quarter was broad-based. Our Q4
performance was especially notable because it was delivered without aggressive holiday price discounting
during the peak grilling season. The Kingsford pellet innovation continues to build distribution and share,
and we're excited to lean in further to invest in long-term profitable category growth. For the full year, we
saw solid sales growth as our efforts to turn around the business started to bear fruit and consumption
increased strongly in the back half.

Cat Litter sales grew in Q4 driven by innovation and strong online shipments, partially offset by lower
consumption in traditional channels following consumer pantry loading that we saw last quarter. For the
full year, Litter sales grew behind strong back half performance, partially offset by a more challenging
front half performance as we lap the initial pipeline shipments of Fresh Step Clean Paws. Clean Paws
continue to perform very well, with strong growth in its third year after launch, and we'll keep investing in
this innovation platform in FY '21. We're also encouraged by the strong start of Fresh Step Gain original
scented litter with the power of Febreze, which just launched in June.

In our Lifestyle segment, sales grew 16% and full year sales grew 10%. Brita sales were up by double
digits in Q4, behind continued elevated consumption of our water filtration systems and filters. This
unprecedented level of demand started in Q3 and continued in Q4, resulting in out of stocks that impacted
our share this quarter. Full year sales also grew by double digits, reflecting healthy momentum in the first
half and hike in consumption in the back half. We're encouraged by the fact that the majority of its recent
sales have come from new households, just like what we've been seeing in many of our other categories.
Our priorities going forward will be to increase supply, convert these new users to loyal consumers,
and continue to support our brand with a focused message around Brita's value proposition during this
recession.

The Food business saw double-digit sales growth in Q4 mainly behind very strong consumption of Hidden
Valley Ranch bottle dressing, benefiting from more at-home-eating occasions. The brand grew share for
the 22nd consecutive quarter and increased household penetration. Full year sales increased behind solid
growth in the first half and elevated consumption in the back half. We'll continue to invest to drive brand
awareness and trial behind our innovation and capitalize on this momentum as consumers are eating at
home over an extended period of time, especially during the recession.

Burt's Bees sales were down by double digits this quarter, as overall category consumption was negatively
impacted by ongoing store closures and stay-at-home measures. Regardless of the decline in Q4, this
business had solid sales growth for the full year, reflecting strong growth behind innovation and enhanced
leadership in lip balm. In Lip Care, Burt's Bees grew share for the 22nd consecutive quarter and widened
its market leadership status as the #1 overall lip balm in the U.S. While we expect the category-wide
challenges to persist in the short term, consumer preferences for natural products, and more specifically
Burt's Bees, remain unchanged, and we're confident in the brand's long-term growth trajectory.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Our FY '21 plan includes a robust innovation lineup, including a new squeezy lip color line that launched in
July and CBD personal care products launching in the fall.

Lastly, turning to International. Q4 sales grew 12%, mainly driven by continued elevated demand for
our cleaning and disinfecting products as well as essential household products. Sales were also impacted
by unfavorable foreign currency headwinds of about 12%, partially offset by the benefit to pricing that
was implemented before the onset of the pandemic. For the full year, sales were up 5%, reflecting about
10 points of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. Additionally, it's worth noting that profit for
International was down this quarter due to costs associated with a product we call [ Improve ]. Like other
businesses, where there have been increases in household penetration during this period, we'll be focused
on converting those new households into loyal consumers. We're also continuing to explore international
opportunities, and today announced the acquisition of a majority stake in our long-standing joint venture
in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. In its long 50-year history, this business has offered consumers in the
Gulf region a range of cleaning and disinfecting products. During that time, it has shown not only steady
growth but also strong profitability. Consistent with our IGNITE Strategy goal, this acquisition will help
drive long-term profitable growth in our International segment.

Now I'll turn it over to Kevin, who will discuss our Q4 and full year financial performance for FY '20 as well
as our outlook for FY '21.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Lisah, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We hope you and your families are
well. I'm proud of our very strong performance in Q4 and our overall results for fiscal year '20. As we
continue to navigate the global pandemic, our team has been unwavering in our efforts to maximize
supply of disinfectants and other essential products needed by health care workers, consumers and our
communities. In the fourth quarter, COVID-19 continued to have a significant impact on our results.
In addition to double-digit sales growth in all 4 of our reportable segments, we delivered our seventh
consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion and another quarter of strong cash flow, all of which
contributed to strong fiscal year '20 performance. As you saw in our press release, we're providing a
financial outlook today, because despite the increased challenge of anticipating how the full year will play
out, we believe that in this period of heightened uncertainty, it's important to provide investors with as
much transparency and perspective as possible. That said, we anticipate a higher level of variability than
what you might normally expect, as our results will be heavily influenced by the depth and the duration of
the ongoing health crisis. I'll comment more on our outlook shortly.

Turning to our fourth quarter results. Fourth quarter sales were up 22%, driven by 21 points of volume
growth and 3 points of favorable price/mix, partially offset by 2 points of FX headwinds. Gross margin
for the quarter increased 170 basis points to 46.8% compared to 45.1% for the year ago quarter. Fourth
quarter gross margin included the benefits of higher volume as well as 170 basis points from cost savings
and 120 basis points from favorable mix. These factors were partially offset by higher manufacturing
and logistics cost, which included temporary spending related to increasing our production capacity
and expediting transportation of our products. Fourth quarter gross margin also reflected ongoing cost
favorability in commodities, more than offset by the impact from foreign currency headwinds.

Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales came in at 14.1% compared to 13.3% in
the year ago quarter. This higher rate primarily reflects increased year-over-year incentive compensation,
consistent with our pay-for-performance philosophy.

Advertising and sales promotion investment levels as a percentage of sales came in at about 11%, about
0.5 point higher than the year ago quarter. We're spending for our U.S. retail business coming in at about
12% of sales for the second consecutive quarter. For additional perspective, we invested $70 million more
in the back half of fiscal year '20 compared to the same period in fiscal year '19, reflecting aggressive
investments consistent with our ambition to accelerate long-term profitable growth. Our fourth quarter
effective tax rate was about 22% compared to about 17% in the year ago quarter due to lapping tax
benefits in the year ago period. Net of all these factors, we delivered diluted net earnings per share of
$2.41 versus $1.88 in the year ago quarter, an increase of 28%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Commenting briefly on our fiscal year results. I'm pleased with the progress we made in our core business
prior to the impact of COVID-19, plus our team's dedication to responding to unprecedented demand,
resulting in very strong results for fiscal year '20. We delivered sales growth of 8%, and on an organic
basis, grew sales 10%. Gross margin expansion of 170 basis points versus FY '19, supported by strong
volume growth and another year of robust cost savings. These factors enabled us to close out the overall
fiscal year, delivering diluted EPS of $7.36, an increase of 16%.

As you saw in our press release, fiscal year '20 net cash provided by operations was $1.5 billion versus
$992 million in fiscal year '19, an increase of 56%. Our accelerating cash flow and strong balance sheet
give us the flexibility to continue investing behind long-term growth opportunities.

Now I'll provide more perspective on our outlook, starting with our key assumptions for FY '21. First, we
expect the impact of COVID-19 to be with us for the bulk of fiscal year '21, resulting in our expectation
for ongoing elevated global demand for our cleaning and disinfecting products, particularly through the
first half of our fiscal year. Next, we expect the U.S. and many parts of the world to face an ongoing
recession that will reduce consumers' disposable spending and increase the importance of providing
superior consumer value. And we plan to aggressively invest behind the momentum we're seeing in our
global portfolio, including increasing production capacity to address ongoing elevated demand for our
products. Our outlook also assumes minimal disruption through our extended supply chain over the course
of the fiscal year. And finally, we are assuming about a 40% devaluation of the Argentine peso, which
is materially less than the potential devaluation if the currency moves to the country's parallel rate. For
our fiscal year sales outlook, we expect fiscal year sales to be flat to up low single digits, reflecting our
expectation for continued elevated demand through the first half of the fiscal year and a deceleration in
the back half, as we lap the initial spike in demand from COVID-19.

As you saw in our press release, we have acquired a majority stake in our Saudi Arabia joint venture,
which we anticipate will contribute about 1 point of growth to our fiscal year '21 sales. We expect this to
be offset by about 1 point of foreign exchange headwinds, primarily in Argentina. On an organic sales
basis, our outlook assumes flat to low-single-digit growth.

For additional perspective on our fiscal year sales expectations, we anticipate strong growth in the front
half of the fiscal year, including double-digit increases in Q1, although decelerating from the 19% sales
growth we delivered in the back half of fiscal year '20. In the back half of fiscal year '21, while we expect
strong performance relative to our pre-pandemic sales levels, we expect sales to decline as we lap the
initial impact from COVID-19 in the year ago period. We expect fiscal year selling and administrative
expenses to come in at about 14% of sales as we continue to invest aggressively in long-term growth
initiatives. Additionally, we are increasing investments in our brands to address this unprecedented
demand for our products from existing and new consumers, with plans to increase advertising spending
to about 11% of sales, to build loyalty with the many new consumers entering our categories for the first
time, in addition to continuing to deliver superior consumer value, which is more critical than ever as we
navigate the global recession.

As I mentioned, we will continue to invest in expanding our production capacity to address our expectation
for ongoing elevated demand for our products and support new longer-term growth opportunities. In the
near term, we will continue to expand our use of third-party manufacturers to increase our production
capacity. While this comes at a higher cost, we believe it's is an important action to take while our internal
expansion efforts come online.

We expect our fiscal year tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23%, closer to our long-term tax rate
assumption. Net of these factors, we expect fiscal year '21 diluted EPS to be down mid-single digits to
up mid-single digits. Our fiscal year diluted EPS outlook includes an estimated contribution of $0.45 to
$0.53 from our increased stake in our Saudi Arabia joint venture, primarily driven by a onetime noncash
gain associated with a fair market value adjustment to our previously held stake in the joint venture. This
onetime gain is projected to be recognized in Q1 and on a full year basis, offset by our expectations for a
high tax rate and foreign currency headwinds for the company.

Before I turn it over to Benno, I'd like to reiterate how proud I am of the Clorox team for delivering
strong performance in fiscal year '20 and the role we are playing to help fight this global pandemic. Our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

disinfecting products continue to support public health, and other essential products continue to make a
difference in the day-to-day lives of people as they spend more time at home.

Consumer interest in our categories has never been higher, and our robust fiscal year sales results provide
a strong foundation for ongoing momentum. We certainly plan to build on that by aggressively investing
in our IGNITE Strategy to drive long-term shareholder value. And finally, I also want to say how much
I've enjoyed working with Benno over the years. And I'm also looking forward to Clorox' next chapter with
Linda, who will be a strong CEO for the company.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Benno.

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Thanks, Kevin. Here are my 3 key messages for our Q4 and fiscal year '20 results. First, I continue to be
proud of our people's leadership and commitment to serving public health and supporting our consumers
and communities during this global health crisis. The dedication has led to outstanding Q4 results
contributing to very strong performance in fiscal year '20. I'm pleased we delivered fiscal year 2020 sales
growth of 8%, reflecting growth in all reportable segments. And organic sales were up 10%, our highest
organic sales growth on record. We also delivered total company gross margin expansion, reflecting gross
margin increases in all 4 segments for the fiscal year, supported by the strength of our volume results and
robust cost savings. And even with significant advertising investments, we were able to expand fiscal year
EBIT margin by 110 basis points. And we delivered a 16% increase in diluted earnings per share for fiscal
year '20.

While our financials for the quarter and full year were very strong, there's one area of ongoing focus for
us: Keeping up with continued elevated demand. We take very seriously the important role we play in
this pandemic, and customers are counting on all our products. Frankly, we thought we would be in a
better position by now, but demand in Q4 exceeded our expectations. We're certainly not at all happy with
our service levels for our retail customers on many products, as demand for our products exceeded our
own expectations in the face of this persistent pandemic. We have a high sense of urgency on this, with
all hands on deck. We're accessing third-party supply sources and focusing on manufacturing on those
products that can be supplied more quickly. And we are ahead of plan on this. Since Q3, we were able to
bring on more than 10 new suppliers to help us maximize our output, not just for disinfecting products,
but for other parts of our portfolio, too. For disinfecting products, we're continuing to run our plants 24/7,
and will be bringing in more disinfecting capacity online in the midterm. With all the levers we're pulling to
expand output I am confident in our ability to do better for our customers and consumers.

Before I go on to my next message, I'd like to say again how much I value the commitment of Clorox
people and their contributions to our Q4 and fiscal year results. Our team of 8,800 strong continues to
step up every day to contribute to our efforts of supporting our consumers, customers and communities.

My second message is this. The fundamentals of our business are strong, given the progress on our core
business, which contributed to our overall fiscal year '20 results and gives us momentum for fiscal year
'21. I feel good about the fundamentals of our business and the continued progress on our core. In fiscal
year '20, incremental sales from innovation exceeded the company's historical average. As you've heard
from Lisah, we introduced a number of exciting products in fiscal year '20 and continue to see growth
from big innovation platforms. Our relentless focus on delivering superior consumer value through market-
leading innovation continues to differentiate our products and brands. And I'm proud that in fiscal year
'20, the percentage of our U.S. portfolio, seen by consumers as delivering superior value, has risen to
an all-time high, positioning our brands well in this recession. In Q4, we also had more than 90% of our
U.S. portfolio as growing or stable household penetration, the strongest results we've achieved to date.
I'm also pleased that total company market share in tracked channels grew. And our market shares in the
fast e-commerce -- fast-growing e-commerce channel continue to grow as well, supported by increase in
digital advertising. After fiscal year '20, our sales in the e-commerce channel now represent about 12%
of total company sales compared to 8% in fiscal year 2019 and well ahead of our plan. Results like these
demonstrate we made the right choice to lean into advertising investments in fiscal year '20, including
spending about $70 million more in the back half of the fiscal year compared to the same period in fiscal

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

year '19. Importantly, our progress against business fundamentals is setting us up well for fiscal year '21,
and I feel confident about our ability to continue driving long-term momentum.

And this leads me to my last message. We remain committed to building on this momentum for our global
portfolio through strong investments to further strengthen our competitive position, grow our categories
and deliver long-term shareholder value guided by our IGNITE Strategy. Clearly, these are extraordinary
times. So it's hard to anticipate what will happen even in the near-term future. We continue to believe
COVID-19 will have lasting impacts on global consumer behavior and trends, including how consumers
engage in our categories and with our brands, leading to meaningful long-term growth potential for our
company. And as people continue to navigate what looks to be a significant recession, we anticipate that
pressures related to unemployment and discretionary spending put spotlight the need to focus on value.
We also anticipate they will keep turning to trusted brands to help them and their families stay safe as well
as to support the health and wellness and day-to-day needs.

As Kevin noted, our fiscal year '21 earnings outlook reflects the significant volatility and uncertainty and
also deliberate and aggressive investments behind our global portfolio and longer-term growth initiatives.
During these uncertain times, we plan to play offense to grow sales in fiscal year '21 off of an elevated
fiscal year '20 base. And we plan to continue investing in long-term value creation, with a focus on our
ambition to accelerate sales growth beyond the fiscal year.

Here's what you can expect in fiscal year '21. We will plan to increase advertising to about 11% of sales.
We will invest in innovating experiences behind brand purpose, frictionless shopping and sticky product
innovation, including our strong innovation pipeline in fiscal year '21. We will increase capital spending
to expand production capacity so that, together with our customers, we can better meet consumer
demand, particularly for disinfecting products, but also so that we can begin to fully take advantage of
the opportunity to support public health out of home. As you've likely seen, we've started collaborating
with leading brands like Uber Technologies, United Airlines and AMC Theaters to support their efforts
to keep their customers safe. And we recently announced our partnership with Cleveland Clinic, which
brings together our respective capabilities and expertise to support public health as we all continue to face
COVID-19.

As a people-centered company, everything we do through our IGNITE Strategy continues to be in service
of delivering superior value because now and longer term, we know it's the key to keep winning with
consumers. And of course, we'll continue our focus on growing our business the right way: committed
to our values, with ESG integrated in our business so that we're also creating value for all of our
stakeholders. We're proud that last week's Axios Harris Poll 100, a survey of about 35,000 Americans,
ranked the Clorox Company #1 for corporate reputation in the U.S. based on 7 dimensions: trust, vision,
growth, products, culture, ethics and citizenship. Now and in the future, Clorox will remain focused on
good growth; growth that's profitable, responsible and sustainable.

And with that, let me turn it over to Linda.

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Thanks, Benno, and hello to everyone on the call today. First, let me start off by saying just how excited
I am to be Clorox' next CEO. After 17 years with the company, what makes me most proud about taking
the reins from Benno is that Clorox is truly a special company. We have iconic brands people love and
a wonderful values-led team that takes to heart our role in making people's lives better. Second, I'm
optimistic about the company's future and look forward to working with the executive team to accelerate
growth. This is a pivotal time for the company, and there's no better time to be CEO at Clorox.

What's become even clearer during this pandemic is that we're a health and wellness company at
heart, whether through our disinfecting products that support public health; our vitamins, minerals and
supplements that enhance wellness; or our other essential products that people count on for their families
and homes, I firmly believe that our global portfolio of trusted brands is in a strong position to address the
shifting consumer mindsets and behaviors related to health and well-being. What's also clear is that we
have a big opportunity to build on our momentum from fiscal year '20 for long-term value creation. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

we're investing behind this momentum to support our ambition to accelerate profitable growth in fiscal
year '21 and beyond.

And finally, before we begin Q&A, I want to take the opportunity to thank Benno for his just terrific
leadership as CEO. Under Benno's guidance, Clorox more than doubled total shareholder return, by
putting innovation front and center, recognizing its critical role in differentiating our products and brands
to deliver superior consumer value. By investing in digital consumer engagement as a means to interact
with people on their terms and through more personal experiences. And by taking ESG to the next level,
challenging each of us to demonstrate its value to our business and society. Benno talked earlier about our
commitment to good growth; growth that's profitable, responsible and sustainable. What he didn't say is
that he was the one who introduced this. It captures most simply what we're all about: profitable growth
achieved the right way for our consumers, our shareholders and society. I've been very fortunate to work
closely with Benno over the years. He's been a great mentor, and I look forward to continuing to partner
with him to drive the business when I step into my role as CEO.
Operator, you may now open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from...

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Lori, are you still there?

Operator

Yes, I'm here. Can you hear me?

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

I see a list on the Q&A.

Operator

Yes, I'm here. Can you hear me?

[Technical Difficulty]

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

I think there may be a technical problem, so give us a couple of seconds. Those that are waiting in line for
questions, I apologize.

Operator

Yes, I'm here. Can you hear me? Lisah, can you hear me?

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Just in case this is not going to get resolved quickly, you can also send me your questions. This is Lisah
again. All of you have my e-mail and my text as well, and we can also handle it that way.

Operator, are you still online?

Operator

Yes, I am. Lisah, can you hear me? Lisah, can you hear me?

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes, we can hear you now. Somehow the volume got turned down. But anyway, let's go straight to
questions.

Operator

Your first question does come from the line of Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Linda, congratulations on your promotion. And Benno, thank you for the great leadership all these years
and for the significant time from your business agenda to -- with our investment community over the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

years. So it's [ good to see at Clorox ] that you likely have more time to dedicate to strategic topics going
forward.

So I wanted to, if you can talk about a bit with those agreements, and you or Lisah or Linda with the 10
new production partners on board, and also the partnership with the Cleveland Clinic and the business
partners like Uber, United and AMC Theaters. So I was hoping you can size this opportunity.

I understand it's now about 7% of your sales, but I remember being right just about 6% in the prior fiscal
year. So if you can give us a kind of an idea how you can continue to outpace this growth and if we -- with
the debottlenecking capacity. And how we could be thinking of the B2B, I guess, the B2C going forward,
that would be great. And congrats to both.

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Thanks, Andrea. I'll get us started here. So as Benno mentioned earlier, we're very serious about the role
that we play in public health. And as we look at our cleaning and disinfecting portfolio, we see opportunity
broadly in the U.S. and international across several spaces. And I'll outline in high level what those are.

The first is continuing to delight people with products in the retail space. We know that we are not able to
meet the demand, and that is priority #1, is getting much supply as we possibly can into the retail space,
to ensure that consumers have products they need during this time. The same is true in our traditional
professional business, which you highlighted is about 7% of sales in fiscal year '20 and has been a high-
single-digit grower for us over a number of years.

So working on supply in both of those. But the opportunity that you highlighted is one that we're
aggressively pursuing, and that is the merger of those 2 areas. As people reenter public life, they're
looking to be reassured that the spaces they enter are clean and disinfected. And what they would be
reassured by is a trusted brand, like the brand Clorox, to ensure that, that space is clean.

They have that reassurance in their minds. And what we're helping businesses do is welcome people back,
whether they would be their employees or their guests. And by using and partnering with Clorox' protocols
and brands, they can offer their guests that reassurance that a space is safe.

That's how we're thinking about that broader, what we're calling out-of-home opportunity. We staffed
a dedicated team to go after these partnerships and have resulted in things like you highlighted with
United Airlines, Cleveland Clinic, AMC Theaters and Uber Technologies. What will be really important for us
moving forward though is getting supply.

So these are initial stages of agreements. And what we're looking for is increased supply before we
continue to expand the test markets that we have today. But we're seeing very good consumer and
business response in the initial days. And if you think about B2C and B2B in total, I think the thing for
us to consider is those lines will continue to blur as we move forward. And that's what we are really well
suited to do with all of our technologies and capabilities.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Now that's great. And can you also, like the capacity growth? I think you exited the last quarter with
growing like 20%. I see the bottleneck, your capacity. How you're tracking now as you exit the quarter?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Yes. Our plan is on pace to increase supply versus what we committed in Q4. But what Benno highlighted
is the key, the demand that we're seeing, is significantly higher than we had expected in Q4, and we
expect that demand to remain elevated as we head into fiscal year '21. Our increase that we were able to
deliver in supply did support strong double-digit growth in our Cleaning businesses.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

But to be clear, we're not satisfied with our service levels right now, and we have the absolute highest
urgency to improve. Some of the things we're pleased to see, though, and give us confidence as we move
into the fiscal year '21 is that our supply chain remains very stable. So we have had very few COVID-
related disruptions.

We were able to bring on more than 10 new suppliers, the majority of those in disinfecting, to help us to
support the increase in demand. We had anticipated that some businesses would begin to recover quicker.
And we have seen that in the case of bleach where in-stock levels at retail are looking much stronger than
they have been despite the fact that we've been prioritizing health care.

And the key message for takeaway is we're aggressively investing to expand capacity. We are working
across the entire supply chain, all the way back into raw materials, up through manufacturing, packaging
and conversion. And we expect sequential improvement in fiscal year '21 in meeting that increase in
demand.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Wendy Nicholson of Citi.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Congratulations to both of you. And Benno, we will miss you. My question had to do with advertising. I'm a
little bit surprised that you're increasing it or you're targeting right now, sort of a 100 basis point increase
for fiscal '21. Number one, because I assume as your revenues to those partners grow, that's actually
revenue that you don't need to spend advertising behind.

And I know that's kind of a rounding error probably in the greater scheme of things, but still, that’s a
big increase. It would be the highest level of ad spending that we've seen in a long time for you, and it's
coming at a time where you're having a hard time meeting demand. So I would buy Clorox wipes, whether
I saw an ad or not.

So can you talk a little bit more about the decision to increase ad spending by that magnitude? Maybe
which businesses you're targeting it to? And whether this is a new level going forward that we should
expect? Or is there something specific in 2021 that's driving that increase?

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Yes. Thank you, Wendy. What you should take away is that this is an aggressive investment that is into
the momentum that we have on the business. It also signals confidence in our strategy. And of course, as
always, with our company, it's done with an eye on the long term. For us, advertising sales promotion is
not a quarterly expense.

It's a long-term investment in the health of our brands. And while 10% continues to be the level long
term that we're comfortable with, we see a particular opportunity at this time to invest in this pivotal
opportunity that we have for our company to accelerate growth. It will go into demand building across all
businesses, both in the core as well as in innovation.

I mentioned earlier, we have a very strong innovation program in spite of the supply challenges right
now, that we have great confidence in and we have so much opportunity ahead. So we feel like this is
the right thing to do. It is an investment in the long-term health of the business. And if you look at the
fundamental business drivers of our business, as I mentioned them in Q4, with rising market shares, with
household penetration growing or stable in north of 90% of our U.S. portfolio, with market shares growing
in international, with further opportunity to build out our International business to serve more consumers
in the face of the pandemic, with consumer value perception being at its all-time high, with well north of
50% of our portfolio being seen as superior, all those things are particularly strong indicators of future
business momentum.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

So against all of that, and in particular, also with the looming recession, which we think is going to be
significant, and it's perhaps underestimated or somewhat overlooked at this time, in particular here in the
U.S., we think this is simply the right thing to do. And it's certainly part of our recession playbook that
we've successfully applied once before, about 11 years ago. So we have great confidence in this choice as
part of a long-term growth strategy for our company.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And specifically, just first half versus second half. So to those comments specifically, if the economic
environment really deteriorates, is there a scenario where you say, wow, these marketing dollars would
be better spent in price rollbacks or promotional spending? How much of the ad spending itself are you
expecting first half versus second half or, kind of no difference?

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Yes. Typically, we don't provide quarterly outlook, but it can certainly vary by quarter depending on, for
instance, the timing of innovation launches. So you should expect that variation. Based on what we know
today, even though you can never say never, right, in this business. But I cannot see us touch advertising
sales promotion because like I said, it's not a tactical expense, it's an investment in long-term growth.

So we will remain committed to spending the dollars. And frankly, if the recession gets worse, that's even
more of a reason for us to spend in advertising sales promotion in particular, at this time, when people are
looking at trusted brands to meet their needs. And as you know, we have many of those trusted brands
that people rely on, in particular, during a recession.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nik Modi of RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Benno, kudos to you for a remarkable career. And Linda, congrats on your appointment. The question I
had was on capacity. And I guess Clorox, like most CPG companies, is in a really tough spot in terms of
how do you make a decision on long-term capacity decisions when the category growth profile 2 years out
is very uncertain? So I guess I'm just asking, like, how are you guys at Clorox, with all of your analytics
are thinking about longer-term category growth and how that's feeding into your decisions on capacity?
Now I'm not just talking about disinfecting, because obviously, that's going to remain elevated for a long
time, but I'm also talking about Charcoal and Hidden Valley Ranch and because clearly, at home food
consumption is also elevated at the moment and may continue in the future.

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Nik, thanks for the question. So you're right, we're at a time where it is not a precise science right now to
predict what the future is going to hold, given what we're facing. But we are putting our analytics hard at
work to understand what we think that future will look like. And if you take cleaning and disinfecting, for
example, we do strongly believe the category will remain elevated for the mid- to long-term future, and
we're building capacity to address that.

But how we're taking the approach on this one is to make sure that we build the right mid to long term
that allows us to have flexibility in whether it be in-house or we use co-packers for that production. So
right now, as we've said, we've added 10 new suppliers to help us with this incremental production.

And over time, if it's appropriate, we can in-source that production, which helps us balance quality and
cost. And also gets us to the right ratio from an efficiency perspective. So we feel really confident about
our ability to do that and that we're making choices that allow us to pivot, depending on where this all
shakes out.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

And Linda, if I could just follow-up on that. How long do you think it will take for Clorox to catch up with
your expected level of demand over the next -- over fiscal '21? I mean is it going to take 3 quarters to get
to where you want to be, or is it 2 quarters? Any perspective around that?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Yes. For a good portion of our businesses: Kingsford, Brita, Glad, Nutranext, for example, we feel like we'll
be normalized by the end of the calendar where we have a really good supply-and-demand match. From a
cleaning and disinfecting perspective, we do expect this to continue to be a ramp-up over the entire fiscal
year, and we'll see sequential improvement throughout the fiscal year.

But given the fact that cold and flu sits in the middle of the year, and that we expect the pandemic to be
with us for the entirety of the year, it will take the full year to get up to the supply levels that we need to
be at.

Operator

Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And Benno and Linda, I want to extend my congratulations to the both of you as well. My question is
pulled together a couple of elements from Wendy and Nik's question but tying it into the longer-term
outlook for the company. So beyond fiscal '21 and really looking beyond, so the current outlook is for 2%
to 4% core sales growth.

But as you look at that target, the low to midpoint certainly seems to be inadequate, given a lot of the
dynamics that we've spoken about, increased structural demand in some of these categories, particularly
around cleanliness and health and wellness. You're clearly investing a lot in capacity.

As Wendy, excuse me, rightly pointed out, the advertising and marketing, if we're tracking this correctly,
we haven't seen these sort of levels as a percent of sales since fiscal 2003 for the company. So there's an
awful lot of investment, both OpEx and CapEx, going into the business. So it just certainly seems -- and
certainly, what's reflected in the stock right now is nothing in the 2% to 3% kind of range.

So with all of that being said, when will the company be prepared to provide an update to investors? Or
to the extent you can comment today, what are you thinking as part of your planning around capacity,
around other investments in the P&L? So any commentary there would be helpful.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Hey, Kevin. It's Kevin. And I can take that question. And you're right. Look, we have an outlook right now
as part of our IGNITE, which is 2% to 4% growth. But what I think you're hearing from myself, Linda and
Benno today, it is clear, our aspiration is to accelerate the profitable growth of this company.

And we are leaning in. We have millions of new consumers coming into our categories. We have new
growth opportunities, particularly out of home. And we are leaning into these opportunities with the intent
to accelerate the performance of the company. It is too early for us to raise our long-term goals.

Remember, these goals to go out over 5 years out. I would say it's in the early innings of the work we're
doing. But that certainly is our intention. And at some point, we'll come back to the investor community
and update you on our expectations. But I'd say a little too early for that right now. But trust, what you're
hearing from us is our intent to accelerate performance, and we're leaning in to do that.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Our next question comes from Olivia Tong of Bank of America.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And congrats to Linda and Benno. It's been a pleasure. All the best to you guys and Benno on your
next endeavors, we'll miss you. Wanted to talk a little bit about the performance of your categories in
recession, because obviously, you're leaning into quite a bit of spending. And if you could provide a bit
more specificity on your expectations by segment.

Because you're looking for, obviously, a pretty rapid deceleration against the COVID backdrop. And you
talked about new customers without losing the old, the potential to further expand your professional
partnerships, which seems obviously pretty meaningful in this environment.

And you seemed more amenable to potential international expansion, too, with the Saudi JV? And
obviously, there's innovation. So on top of that, still catching up to demand. So if you could just talk
through how drastic maybe the last recession was in some of your categories or what you had to do in
terms of promotion or advertising to help us understand the outlook a little bit better, that would be super
helpful.

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

I'll start, and then Kevin can build on that. So typically, what we see in a recession, if you take the last
recession, you see about a point to 2 growth in our categories lower than what you'd see in an average
year. And then if you double click, there are a number of categories in a normal recession that again, right
now, you have the pandemic, of course, as an additional impact.

But you have a number of categories that actually see stronger sales during a recession. And intuitively,
that makes sense to see businesses like Kingsford, as people grill more at home; Brita as people use less
bottled water and move to filtered water for its much superior value; Hidden Valley for more at-home
eating occasions.

Those categories have historically performed very well, and we'd expect to continue that. So there will
be puts and takes. And again, the difficulty of course, for this outlook is in the volatility created by a
recession, but also the pandemic as an outlook. And of course, fiscal year '21 back half, that will lap some
pretty formidable numbers.

But what's been part of the recipe last time, in 2008, '09, was to really focus on investing into the
consumer, play offense, as we call it, which is our intention now. The playbook includes innovation, and
we have a strong innovation portfolio in fiscal year '21. And the playbook includes to emphasize consumer
value.

And of course, we're going into this recession with a lot of momentum being seen as superior in value on
so many of our brands at this point. So we have a strong recession playbook. Our portfolio typically has
been recession-resilient. And importantly, we have a very experienced team where 9 out of 10 BU General
Managers have been with the business at the time of the last recession and a very experienced senior
management team knowing how to handle this.

So we feel like we have an established playbook, and we will certainly continue to invest in the long-term
health of the business and the elevated advertising sales promotion spend is certainly part of that. Kevin,
any additional thoughts from you?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Hey, Olivia. Maybe just a couple of other thoughts as it relates to the recession and how we managed
through the last recession about 11 years ago. So as Benno said, our belief is and what we've seen is
our categories tend to be fairly resilient. If you look at our business performance in the last recession, I
believe 8 of our 10 business units grew sales over that period.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

And so not only have the categories been resilient, but our brands have also been resilient during that
period of time. And what I'd also have you note is, you always have to think about what drove the
recession. Back in '08, '09, that was a financial crisis. This is a health care crisis, so it's very different.

We have much more engaged consumers in our categories than we did back in '08 and '09. In addition
to that, if you look at our CVM, we're at an all-time high, with about 59% of our portfolio identified as
superior relative to competition. And we've got the highest household penetration, either stable or growing
that we had in the history of the company. So you never look forward to recession, but I can tell you,
having been through 3 at Clorox, this is the strongest our portfolio has been going into a recession.

And then the only other item I'd offer is, what may be different about this recession is the government has
obviously stepped in, and this is the most support we've ever seen for consumers during this recession
right now in terms of unemployment benefits. We'll have to see how that plays out.

But if you assume the government is going to continue to actively support consumers through this
process, that will certainly help us as well. And so we'll see how that plays out. But I feel pretty good
about the overall health of our portfolio heading into this recession.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

That's helpful. And then Linda, you're obviously taking over, arguably with a lot of growth priorities today
versus history. So I'm wondering if you would talk more about how you're prioritizing them relative to
one another. I'm sure, obviously, the first order of business is increasing the capacity for cleaning and
disinfecting, but there's e-commerce stepping up support for professional, obviously, driving the rest
of the business as well. So how are you thinking about allocating those investment dollars that you're
planning for next year?

And then with that JV acquisition, it's -- does that in any way signal how open you are to M&A in support
of some of the initiatives?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Thanks. Yes, you hit it on the head. The absolute #1 priority is executing with excellence this year and
increasing supply to meet the demand. We'll be focused on delivering the plan that we put in place, which
we have passion and conviction around. The business fundamentals are strong across categories, but we
must do better on supply to meet demand.

Second, IGNITE, for us, is the right strategy. I was the lead architect of that, got to lead our team in
creating that. And what it had done for us over these last many months is helped us lead through really
troubling and volatile times. And what that strategy commits us to is putting people at the center of
everything we do, knowing consumers and the people we serve and communities better than anyone.

Innovating great experiences for them with our products, and that's what we're going to continue to lean
into. And we have a team of 8,800 people and an executive team that's passionate and own that strategy
and want to accelerate it.

And that gets me to my third point. Where we'll place investment is in those IGNITE areas that we have
passion and conviction around. We're going to lean into our global portfolio. And given the strength of it
across the board, we will do what we always do is we'll follow the money and where we think the best
long-term value creation opportunities exist.

Cleaning is certainly one of those areas, and we've talked a lot about the opportunities we have there
around the globe. And then last what I'd leave you with is we're committed to how we work. This
pandemic has allowed us to reimagine work quicker than we had ever imagined. Moving our people to
work from home, keeping our essential workers healthy and our manufacturing running at full speed.

But now what we imagine work will turn to is playing offense 100% of the time. That will be our focus.
We'll use technology to do that: to make quick decisions and pivot, to put investment where we'll get the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

highest long-term return, but we feel really confident about those choices. And we've managed a number
of categories and brands for years, and we always feel like we are able to put the investment where it's
best suited, and we'll do that again this year.

And then [ Nazra ] is a continued focus actually on the core -- excuse me, Saudi Arabia is a continued
focus on the core. We've been in that business for 50 years, in a joint venture with a family-owned
business. It is core to our Cleaning business, where we serve many countries in the Gulf region.

And we have tremendous confidence in the ability for that business to continue strong growth in the
future. It's core to health and wellness. We know that consumer has high demand for those products
today. We saw double-digit growth in our Saudi business in fiscal year '20, and it's margin-accretive to the
company.

So to us, this isn't a right turn, but this is just a focus on what we talked about in international, which is
accelerating profitable growth and leaning into areas that are stable and that we can ensure have long-
term growth runways for us.

Operator

Our next question is from Jonathan Feeney of Consumer Edge.

Jonathan Patrick Feeney
Consumer Edge Research, LLC

And let me add my congratulations to both Benno and Linda. I wanted to a follow-up on -- last quarter,
you gave us some very, very helpful breakdowns of household penetration versus repeat. And I guess
two questions in there. First, can you tell us -- give us any more update about how much of your growth
this quarter in cleaning particularly has been household -- new households, new cleaning behaviors?
And then now that we're about, I don't know, a few months into this and you have some new users, any
additional data you could give us about repeat -- particularly among new users, new cleaning behavior,
people buying more wipes. Are these people coming back to the store for a second, third, and at what
rate?

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Yes. Thanks, Jonathan. Double-digit growth in Q4 in all 4 segments and certainly seeing elevated
consumer demand across the majority of our categories. New consumer fundamentals, as we've noted and
as you've picked up on, are very strong and certainly fueled by the incremental $70 million that we put in,
in advertising sales promotion in the back half of last fiscal year.

But I would say in the vast majority of categories, the -- if you double-click on the consumer behavior
leading to such strong growth, it's very, very strong. What we're seeing is more usage occasions in many
categories caused by the pandemic, of course, but also by people staying at home. And we're seeing
household penetration increases in most of our categories.

And that's really been the major growth driver here. And then we're also seeing, which is very
encouraging, a higher purchase frequency in several categories, indicating that it's more people using
our product more than they ever have. We see very, very little stock up. The exception maybe is Burt's
Bees, where store closings and lower foot traffic in beauty care, but also less usage in some categories,
like facial towelettes and color cosmetics, which makes sense as people stay home, has led to pressure on
sales.

And Litter, where we're seeing a category wide trough from initial pantry loading. But more broadly, this
is all fundamentally healthy growth with higher household penetration and higher purchase frequencies.
I want to maybe point out Kingsford as an example, beyond cleaning and disinfecting where it's quite
obvious, I think, that we're seeing particularly strong household penetration increases but also strong
increases in usage frequency.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Kingsford, for the first time in a while, is growing household penetration again. And all the fundamental
underlying indicators in the category is very healthy. We are seeing people buy more grills. And of course,
that grill purchase increase leads to more consumption of consumables like Charcoal.

We are seeing millennials come into the category. A big reason why we've been able to grow household
penetration is that millennials now come back into the category. So we're seeing incredibly strong growth.
Even with a complete asset, Jonathan, I don't know if that's you, but we need the phone on mute. Thank
you. But we're seeing new people come in, we're seeing millennials enter the category and we're seeing
them use the product often. So a lot of positive underlying metrics behind our Q4 sales growth, and we
expect this to continue, for sure, midterm.

Operator

Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Congratulations to both of you also. I wanted to talk a little bit about International. I know that the Saudi
Arabia joint venture is something that Clorox has been very proud of for many years. But you mentioned,
Linda, I think you mentioned the word global, there's been International a few times.

And the company, I think, has -- the last several years has been more about the go lean, get tight control
costs and really focus out -- focus on a right model for where you were playing. But to what degree does,
I guess, the current landscape, both in terms of consumer need and in terms of the strength of the Clorox
brand, and the sort of flexibility you presumably have on profitability.

Does that enhance your International growth aspiration? Maybe, Linda, if you were looking at IGNITE and
setting the strategy today versus 12 months ago, do you think International would play a bigger role? And
if not, why not?

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Thanks, Lauren. So we absolutely have the opportunity to meet more consumer demand in the U.S. and
International. And we're moving quickly with supply chain investments to support expansion in both. What
I'd want you to take away is we don't see a fundamental change in the composition between the percent
of our business in the U.S. and International.

We see the ability to grow both strongly. But if you think about the International opportunity, specifically,
there are three things that we're focused on: The first is, we just need to increase supply to meet the
demand that we have in the markets we're already in and the products that we already have in those
locations.

And we're focused on that just like we are in the U.S.; the second is, we absolutely have an opportunity
to expand our product forms in countries we compete in today. So for example, there are many places
around the world where wipes have low penetration or we don't play, and we see that as being an offering
that consumers might be ready for in different areas of the world; and then the third, we are evaluating
expansion into new geographies, and we certainly see very high interest from consumers in different parts
of the world for the Clorox brand in particular.

And where there's interest, we will look and see if there's a long-term disciplined approach we can take to
entering that market, where we see strong return on investment. So that will be very consistent with how
we've approached international to date. And that's what I would leave you with is, definite opportunity in
International, no change in terms of how we think about the role it will play in our overall portfolio and
we'll be aggressive in pursuing opportunities when we have confidence in them.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

And then if I may, just also a question on competition. So I think we've all went through very clearly
reasons why market share performance at least in tracked channels is what it is, and it may be not the
best gauge of kind of what's materially going on in your business. But I was curious still, how you were
thinking about an increase in competitive dynamics.

More players, more brands, with real reasonable and strong brand equities, looking to play in some of
your spaces. Historically, I feel like part of the hallmark of Clorox has been the sort of big share -- you
would acquire a big-share brand in kind of midsized categories. Your categories aren't going to midsized
any more possibly with where we're talking today. So what do you do in the dynamics those categories
change, the competitive landscape changes, what -- how are you thinking about that?

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Thank you, Lauren. I mean look, our competitors -- our categories have always been very competitive.
They are competitive and they will be competitive. There's no question. And we also can assume, I think,
that reasonably assume that in the disinfecting space, in particular, it's an attractive space, looking at the
growth and the profitability and the ability to make a difference to so many consumers around the world,
we can expect that, that will be more competitive.

But for us, that's our daily bread and has been our daily bread for a very long time. And how do we go
about that? We build leading brands. And as we've commented a few times, those brands generally are in
a great shape. We invest behind them. We invest with an eye on the long term. We keep the value sharp,
and we've also commented how that's in the best shape it's ever been.

And we innovate, innovate, innovate. So we're not waiting for competition to come in. And we're certainly
used to competition to try and come in disinfecting. And without sounding arrogant, a lot of times, the
competition came and went. And we will defend our home turf. And importantly, as Linda said earlier, we
will play offense 100% of the time.

So we can assume that this business is going to continue to be very competitive, but we're ready for it.
And we certainly, as you noted, are taking the stance and have the financial flexibility to invest in our
business in order to ensure success with an aspiration of accelerating long-term growth for the company.

Operator

Our next question is from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And sincere congratulations from me as well, Benno. And Linda, obviously, big congratulations your way,
too. I guess I was hoping you could talk more about the biggest driver is underlying, what I see is a fairly
wide bottom line range for fiscal '21 relative to an arguably more narrow top line range.

And I guess, I'm specifically interested in how you're thinking of those gross margins amidst the demand
volatility and supply constraints, recessionary pressures that you've alluded to as well as some of the
competitive dynamics that Lauren just called out. So is there a way to talk about gross margin as a driver
of '21 guidance?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Hey, Steve. This is Kevin. And I can talk about both our EPS range and gross margin. I'd say, to your
point, our EPS range we're providing this year is wider than what we typically provide on a normal year.
And I'd say that wider range is really driven by two areas that we expect to see increased variability in our
results: the first is the top line.

And I think that's probably pretty obvious. The ongoing impact of COVID-19, the impact of the recession,
how that will play out on our portfolio will clearly be difficult to predict over the course of the full year. I

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

think we've got decent visibility as we look out over the very near term. But as we get into the back half
of the year, and we're lapping the 20% organic growth from last year, more difficult for us to determine
exactly where that will play out.

And so there will be some level of variability from the top line. I would say, in addition to the top line
variability, when you look at our supply chain, where I expect to see increased variability from previous
years is specifically in manufacturing and logistics, in terms of the impact we're seeing from COVID-19 and
maybe to dimensionalize that.

In our fourth quarter, we had about $30 million of up charges we incurred in our supply chain related to
COVID 19. And now as I look forward in '21, we expect those to be temporary charges, and we expect
them to diminish over time. But a lot of that will be driven by how the pandemic plays out, which is clearly
outside of our control.

And so it's difficult to call exactly what our gross margin will land. And if you think about it, a $10 million
change in profitability is worth about 1 point of EPS growth for this company. And so it's not inconceivable
that we could see $20 million or $30 million variability in the supply chain as it relates to the impact of
COVID over the course of the year.

That would generate 2- to 3-point change in our EPS performance for the year. And so I think when you
look at the variability in the top line, you look at the variability on the COVID cause hitting our supply
chain, that's the reason why we have a wider EPS range to start the year. Now as it relates to gross
margin, I actually think gross margin will be very much in line with where we land on EPS.

If we end up with negative EPS for the years because we had larger COVID costs in the supply chain than
we anticipated and likely a declining gross margin. And conversely, if we generate EPS growth this year, it
will be driven by COVID costs doing better than we anticipated and growing margins for the year.

And so that's how we're seeing it right now. It's obviously very early in the year. As we get smarter, we'll
certainly update you as we learn more in terms of how we think it's going to land. But I think to start the
year, this feels like a prudent place to start with the range we said.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes, that's fair. I guess, Kevin, while I have you talking, is there a way you can put some numbers
around your expectations for cash generation next year? And also the usage of that cash? I'm particularly
interested in CapEx, just given the manufacturing ramp that you've called out.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So as it relates to cash and maybe specifically CapEx, with significant acceleration of cash we're
generating as a company. And I think you saw in my prepared remarks, it's up about 56% for the full
fiscal year. Although I'll tell you in the back half of the year, we had doubled the rate of cash we are
generating over the last 6 months of fiscal year '20.

So the company is in very good financial position in terms of access to cash to allow us to invest in the
business. And again, what you're hearing from the 3 of us today is we are doing just that. We're taking
that cash and we're putting it into the business, with our intent to accelerate our performance over the
long term.

As it relates specific to CapEx, we are also investing in capacity expansion, is the primary focus for us.
Typically, as a company, our capital spending is somewhere between 3% and 4% of sales revenue each
year. I'd say if you look back over the last few years, we've been closer to the low end of that range, a
little over 3%.

We started investing in the fourth quarter. We invested about $100 million of additional capital in the
fourth quarter, and that put us just below 4% last year as a percent of sales. As I look forward to '21,
as we continue to invest in capacity expansion, particularly in disinfecting, Steve, I think we'll end up

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

somewhere between 4% and 4.5% as a percent of sales into our capital spending. And that puts us --
if you do the math, that gets us to about $300 million in CapEx spending for the year. And I think it's
probably a pretty good assumption for now to work with.

Operator

Our next question is from Jason English of Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And I'll echo that last sentiment. Congratulations, Linda. And Benno, I wish you well, and I'm going to
miss our quarterly banter. So onto my questions. The guidance for a sequential deceleration, albeit at still
strong levels, is a little bit surprising in context of what I'm hearing you guys say that your demand is
massively outstripping your supply, and you're shipping pretty much -- you're selling everything you can.

And selling everything you could in the fourth quarter, translated into 23% organic sales growth, and
nearly $2 billion of revenue. Why couldn't you match that in the first quarter, if demand is so robust and
so meaningfully outstripping supply?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Jason, this is Kevin. I think your question is specifically related to Q1. And while we don't typically
provide quarterly guidance, we thought it's helpful to provide some perspective, front half, back half. And
what we said is, we do expect double-digit top line growth in Q1. To your point, we continue to see very
strong demand for our products. It is outstripping our ability to supply. In the near term, we expect that to
continue. And because of that, we do expect a very strong first quarter.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. Okay. I'll try off-line on that one later. On the components of your growth, price was obviously a
meaningful contributor this quarter. And I imagine promotions, I suspect a lot of that is trade spend with
the promotional programs pulled out of the market, given supply-demand imbalance. How does -- what
does the cadence of that look like based on your expectations as we progress through the year? Should
we expect similar price contribution in the first quarter and waning over the quarter? Or could it moderate
even faster?

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Yes, Jason, there's -- there clearly, as you noted, there hasn't been a lot of price promotion in our
categories for sure. And it's part of what's encouraging, for instance, on Kingsford, that we were able to
grow double digits without what is usually a pretty healthy price promotion during peak events or holidays
like Fourth of July and Memorial Day.

So that's all encouraging. But if you think about our trade spend, our trade spend, the vast majority of
our trade spend is performance-driven, meaning it's tied to customer performance. And the customer
performance is there. So there aren't a lot of savings in trade spend because we're honoring the
commitments.

And because for many of our customers, the trade spend is rolled into everyday low pricing. And that's
going to continue. So as you think about trade spend, there's not going to be a windfall over the next
fiscal year. It's been a little lower in Q4, as you will have noted. And that could continue. But it's also going
to vary by quarter, and trade spend is not going to be a big source of savings going forward.

Operator

And our final question comes from Linda Bolton-Weiser of D.A. Davidson.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Linda Ann Bolton-Weiser
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

You made some comments about the general Charcoal category and the growth there and what's driving
it. But I was wondering if you could be more specific about your own share recovery that, at least in the
track channels, it does look like your share is improving. And was the hickory pellet launch important
in share growth, or is that just too small at this point? And when can we expect the next innovation in
charcoal?

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Yes. Thanks, Linda, and welcome back. That's a nice way to end it. I would characterize Kingsford as a
good story in that we have implemented much improved plans, which led to really strong retailer support,
and that came just in time as consumers were looking to grill more in the face of the pandemic.

So a really nice turnaround story with the second quarter -- consecutive quarter of growth. After certainly
a weaker period than Q4 up double digits. Share was up strongly. It's one of our strongest growing
businesses, share wise. And if you look at the underlying factors, it is a strong retailer support, as
mentioned.

It's household penetration returning to growth on the brand. It's a growing category even without the
aggressive peak holiday discounts. Heavy grill sales. All of it really encouraging. So the vast majority of
the sales and share growth is just on the core. And the good news is there's so much opportunity left
given the performance in previous years, we're really just scratching the surface of what we can do to
recover lost share growth, but also benefit from a category that clearly is on trend.

Pellets itself is off to a strong start and also continues to build, and will also keep building in the fiscal year
'21 season. But really has not been a strong factor in the grand scheme of things as we think about the
sales growth. So really solid momentum on Kingsford as we enter fiscal year '21 with so much opportunity
ahead.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Linda.

Benno O. Dorer
Executive Chairman

Thanks, Linda, and thanks to everybody. Thank you, everyone, again for joining us today. I hope that all
of you and your families will stay healthy. And I also hope that our paths will cross again at some point
after we get through this pandemic. And in the meantime, please stay well. And Linda, Kevin and Lisah will
speak to you about Clorox' Q1, fiscal year '21 results on November 20 -- no, on November 2. Thank you
all.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 03, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

