The AES Corporation NYSE:AES
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 06, 2021 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.30

0.28

(6.67 %)

0.30

1.55

1.68

Revenue  (mm)

2370.71

2635.00

11.15

2403.91

9924.94

10324.43

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2021 5:26 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.24

0.43

0.44

0.30

0.25

0.42

0.48

0.28

4.17 %

(2.33 %)

9.09 %

(6.67 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

8

2

 
THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Ahmed Pasha
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Charles J. Fishman
Morningstar Inc., Research
Division

David Christian Peters
Wolfe Research, LLC

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Richard Wallace Sunderland
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the AES Corporation Q1 2021 Financial Review Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ahmed
Pasha, Chief Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, and over to you.

Ahmed Pasha
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, operator. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 financial review call. Our press
release, presentation and related financial information are available on our website at aes.com.

Today, we will be making forward-looking statements during the call. There are many factors that may
cause future results to differ materially from these statements, which are discussed in our most recent 10-
K and 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures can also
be found on our website along with the presentation.

Joining me this morning are Andres Gluski, our President and Chief Executive Officer; Gustavo Pimenta,
our Chief Financial Officer; and other senior members of our management team.

With that, I will turn the call over to Andres. Andres?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our first quarter financial review call. Our first quarter
results put us on track to achieve our 2021 guidance and 7% to 9% average annual growth through 2025.
Gustavo will provide more color on our financial results later in the call.

As we spoke about on our Investor Day in early March, we see a great opportunity for growth given the
momentous changes in our sector, and we are very well positioned to capitalize on the shift to low-carbon
sources of energy. Over the past 5 years, we have transformed our company to be a leader in renewables,
and we have invested in innovative technologies that will give us a competitive advantage for many years
to come.

Although it has been less than 2 months since our Investor Day, we had a number of significant
achievements to announce, including a landmark deal with Google, which I will describe in more detail
later, a strategic collaboration to develop new battery technologies between Fluence and Northvolt, the
leading European supplier of sustainable battery systems, and a significant increase in LNG sales in
Central America and the Caribbean to support those economies in their transition away from heavy fuels.

First, let me lay out our strategic priorities for 2021 and the substantial progress that we have made year-
to-date towards achieving those objectives.

Turning to Slide 4. Our 5 key goals for the year are: one, signed contracts for 4 gigawatts of renewables.
Two, launched the first 24/7 product for carbon-free energy on an hourly basis; three, further unlock
the value of our technology platforms; four, continue to improve our ESG positioning through the
transformation of our portfolio; and five, monetize excess LNG capacity in Central America and Caribbean.

Turning to Slide 5. Last year, we set and exceeded a goal of signing 2 to 3 gigawatts of PPAs for
renewables and energy storage. This year, we are increasing that goal by 60% to a target of 4 gigawatts.
Today, I am pleased to report that year-to-date, we've already signed 1.1 gigawatts including a landmark
deal with Google.

As you can see on Slide 6, we have a backlog of 6.9 gigawatts of renewables, consisting of projects
already under construction or under signed power purchase agreements, or PPAs. This equates to 20%
growth in our total installed capacity and a 60% increase in our renewables capacity.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Turning to Slide 7. We continue to increase our pipeline of projects to support our growth and now have
a global pipeline of more than 30 gigawatts of renewable projects, roughly half of which is in the United
States. With increasing demand from corporate customers and a much more favorable policy environment,
we expect the need for renewables to grow dramatically, and we're taking steps to ensure a continued
competitive advantage.

Moving to Slide 8. Our second key goal for this year is to launch the first 24/7 energy product that
matches a customer's load with carbon-free energy on an hourly basis. To that end, earlier this week,
we announced a landmark, first of its kind agreement to supply Google's Virginia-based data centers
with 24/7 carbon-free energy sourced from a portfolio of 500 megawatts of renewables. Under this
innovative structure, AES will become the sole supplier of the data center's energy needs, ensuring that
the energy supplied will meet carbon-free targets when measured on an hourly basis for the next 10
years. The carbon-free energy will come from an optimized portfolio of wind, solar, hydro and battery
storage resources.

This agreement sets a new standard in carbon-free energy for commercial and industrial customers who
signed 23 gigawatts of PPAs in 2020. As we discussed at our Investor Day, the almost 300 companies that
make up the RE100 will need more than 100 gigawatts of new renewables by 2030. This transaction with
Google demonstrates that a higher sustainability standard is possible, and we expect a substantial portion
of customers to pursue 24/7 carbon-free objectives. Based on our leadership position, we are well placed
to serve this growing market. And in fact, we've already seen significant interest from a number of large
clients.

Turning to Slide 9. Our third key goal is to further unlock the value of our technology platforms. One of
these platforms is Uplight, an energy efficiency software company that works directly with the utility and
has access to more than 100 million households and businesses in the U.S. Uplight is at the forefront of
the shift to low-carbon and digital solutions on the cloud. In March, we announced a capital raise with a
consortium led by Schneider Electric, valuing Uplight at $1.5 billion.

Now to Slide 10. We're seeing increasing value in many of our other technology platforms as well. Fluence,
our joint venture with Siemens, remains a global leader in energy storage, which is a key component
of the energy transition. This dynamic industry is expected to grow 40% annually, and Fluence is well
positioned to capitalize on this immense opportunity through its distinctive competitive advantages,
including its AI-enabled bidding engine.

Turning to Slide 11. As you may have seen, last month Fluence announced a multiyear agreement with
Northvolt, the leading European battery developer and manufacturer, for assured supply and to co-develop
next-generation battery technology. This is an example of Fluence's continued innovation, which has been
validated by their consistent rank as the #1 utility-scale energy storage technology company according to
Guidehouse insights.

Similarly, we see the rapid progress of our prefab solar solution, 5B, as you can see on Slide 12. This
technology doubled the energy density and cuts construction time by 2/3. We now have 5B projects in
Australia, Panama and Chile. We will be including 5B technology in our bids in Puerto Rico, where it's
proven resilience to category 4 hurricane winds will provide greater energy security, proving out the
unique value proposition of 5B could significantly speed up the adoption of solar in cyclone prone areas.
Lastly, we continue to work towards the approval of the first large-scale green hydrogen based ammonia
plant in the Western Hemisphere, in Chile.

Moving to Slide 13. We have undergone one of the most dramatic transformations in our sector. Over
the past 5 years, we have announced the retirement or sale of 10.7 gigawatts of coal, or 70% of our
coal capacity, one of the largest reductions in our spectrum. We recognize that we have more work to do
and have set a goal of reducing our generation from coal to less than 10% of total generation by 2025.
Furthermore, we expect to achieve net-zero emissions from electricity by 2040, one of the most ambitious
goals of any power company. As we achieve these decarbonization targets and continuing our near-term
growth in renewables, we anticipate being included in additional ESG-oriented indices.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Finally, turning to Slide 14. We see natural gas as the transition fuel that can lower emissions and reduce
overall energy costs as markets work towards a future with more renewable power. Last month, we
reached an agreement to provide terminal services for an additional 34 tera BTUs of LNG throughput
under a 20-year take-or-pay contract. This will bring our total contracted terminal capacity in Panama and
the Dominican Republic to almost 80%. There are 45 tera BTUs of available capacity remaining, which
we expect to sign in the next couple of years. Our LNG business is focused on providing environmentally
responsible LNG or green LNG as soon as feasible, which ensures the lowest levels of emissions
throughout the entire supply chain.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Gustavo Pimenta, our CFO.

Gustavo Duarte Pimenta
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Andres, and good morning, everyone. As Andres mentioned, we are off to a good start this
year, having already achieved significant milestones towards the strategic and financial objectives that we
discussed on our Investor Day. We are also encouraged by the continued economic recovery across our
markets, with Q1 demand in line with pre-COVID levels.

Turning to our financial results for the quarter. As you can see on Slide 16, adjusted pretax contribution,
or PTC, was $247 million for the quarter, which was very much in line with our expectations and similar to
last year's performance. I'll discuss the key drivers of our first quarter results and outlook for the year in
the following slides.

Turning to Slide 17. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.28 versus $0.29 last year. With adjusted PTC
essentially flat, the $0.01 decrease in adjusted EPS was the result of a slightly higher effective tax rate
this quarter. In the U.S., in utilities, strategic business unit, or SBU, PTC was down $27 million, driven
primarily by a lower contribution from our legacy units at Southland and higher spend in our clean energy
business as we accelerate our development pipeline given the growing market opportunities. These
impacts were partially offset by the benefit from the commencement of PPAs at the Southland Energy
combined cycle gas turbines, or CCGTS.

At our South America SBU, PTC was down $31 million, mostly driven by lower contributions from AES
and is formerly known as AES Gener, due to higher interest expense and lower equity earnings from the
Guacolda plant in Chile. These impacts were partially offset by higher generation at the Chivor hydro plant
in Colombia. Lower PTC at our Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean, or MCAC SBU, primarily reflects
outages at 2 facilities in Dominica Republic and Mexico, with both already back online since April. Results
also reflect the expiration of the 72-megawatt barge PPA in Panama. Finally, in Eurasia, higher PTC reflects
improved operational performance and lower interest expense in our Bulgaria businesses.

Now to Slide 22. With our first quarter results, we are on track to achieve our full year 2021 adjusted EPS
guidance range of $1.50 to $1.58. Our expected 2021 quarterly earnings profile is consistent with the
average of the last 5 years. Our typical quarterly earnings is more back-end weighted with roughly 40% of
the earnings occurring in the first half of the year and the remaining in the second half. Growth in the year
to go will be primarily driven by contributions from new businesses, including a full year of operations of
the Southland repowering project, 2.3 gigawatts of projects in our backlog coming online during the next 9
months, reduced interest expense, the benefit from cost savings and demand normalization to pre-COVID
levels. We are also reaffirming our expected 7% to 9% average annual growth target through 2025.

Now turning to our credit profile on Slide 23. As discussed at our Investor Day, strong credit metrics
remain one of our top priorities. In the last 4 years, we attained 2 to 3 notches of upgrades from the
3 credit rating agencies, including investment-grade ratings from Fitch and S&P. These actions validate
the strength of our business model and our commitment to improving our credit metrics. We expect the
positive momentum in these metrics to continue, enabling us to achieve BBB flat credit metrics by 2025.

Now to our 2021 parent capital allocation plan on Slide 24. Consistent with the discussion at our Investor
Day, sources reflect approximately $2 billion of total discretionary cash, including $800 million of parent
free cash flow and $100 million of proceeds from the sale of Itabo in the Dominican Republic, which just

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

closed in April. Sources also include the successful issuance of the $1 billion of equity units in March,
eliminating the need for any additional equity raise to fund our current growth plan through 2025.

Now to uses on the right-hand side. We'll be returning $450 million to shareholders this year. This consists
of our common share dividend, including the 5% increase we announced in December and the coupon
of the equity units. And we plan to invest approximately $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion in our subsidiaries
as we capitalize on attractive growth opportunities. Approximately 60% of the investments are in global
renewals, reflecting our success in renewables origination during 2020 and our expectations for 2021.
About 25% of these investments are in our U.S. utilities to fund rate base growth with a continued
focus on grid and fleet modernization. In the first quarter, we invested approximately $450 million in
renewables, which is roughly 1/3 of our expected investment for the year.

In summary, 85% of our investments are going to the U.S. utilities and global renewables, helping us to
achieve our goal of increasing the proportion of earnings from the U.S. to more than half and from carbon-
free businesses to about 2/3 by 2025. The remaining 15% of our investment will go towards green LNG
and other innovative opportunities that support and accelerate the energy transition.

With that, I'll turn the call back over to Andres.

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Gustavo. Before we take your questions, let me summarize today's call. As I have noted,
we have made great progress on our 2021 and long-term strategic goals, and we are reaffirming our
2021 guidance and expectations through 2025. We see a tremendous opportunity for growth, and further
increasing our technological leadership as the industry transition unfolds. From advancing our renewables
to unlocking the value of our new technology businesses, we have a competitive advantage that will
continue to benefit our customers and investors.
With that, I would like to open up the call to your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan.

Richard Wallace Sunderland
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just want to start off -- just wanted to start off on the Northvolt agreement and what it could mean to
Fluence and maybe the energy storage market more broadly, and kind of curious on the development front
itself, is this more sort of iterative development work or further up the development curve?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Yes. That's a great question. Look, this is really a landmark agreement. As we move to essentially have
strategic relationships with battery manufacturers. So Northvolt is building a new plant in Sweden and
in Poland, and we will have one train of the plant in Poland producing batteries for us. So as this market
expands and as you have a real growth in demand, this assures battery supply for one of our markets, so
I would say, Europe, Middle East, Africa.

And in addition, we will not only have supply of batteries, and again, a dedicated train to us, but we will
also be working with Northvolt to have new developments in battery. So in terms -- as battery technology
develops, as you have better chemistry, as we, say, fine-tune our cube-stacked design, we will have joint
development of additional improved batteries on multiple fronts. So this is, I think, a very interesting
development of getting a little bit more involved, let's say, one step prior to just being the integrator and
providing the control software.

Richard Wallace Sunderland
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Got it. And then separately, thinking about this Google deal, what is the ability to replicate that with other
C&I customers? I know you mentioned some interest already, and I guess, curious alongside that some
aspects around the agreement itself whether this is about having the right assets and the right locations to
procure or about the energy kind of management angle as well?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Well, it's both, in a sense. So let me take the second part first, to explain a little bit what the product is.
So the product, really, the key point is that we're netting on an hourly basis a carbon free energy. So this
is -- most contracts prior to this, virtually all, are really netting, it could be on a yearly basis, could be,
et cetera. So you have an excess purchases of renewables during certain hours, but you're actually using
nonrenewables during other hours. Obviously, when you don't have peak production of the renewables.

This is actually saying, on an hourly basis, the energy that I'm getting is carbon free. So you asked the
right question. It's not just a question of having overbuilt solar or overbuilt wind, it's really how do you
manage these different sources of energy. Not only to ensure that it's carbon free, but to minimize the
cost. So when are you buying -- when are you using wind? When are you using solar? And the real key
to make this happen is adding hydro, small hydros and adding, of course, battery storage. So it's really
how do you optimize multiple uses of -- multiple sources of renewable energy to provide the lowest cost
guaranteed carbon-free energy netted on an hourly basis.

So behind this offer, there's a lot of math, a lot of algorithms, a lot of risk management. And we think
that this is a deal that with Google itself, we had a 1 billion -- sorry, 1 gigawatt agreement, and this is the
first 500, and we expect it to grow as demand in these data center grows. But of course, there are other
corporate clients that are interested in this. And we've seen interest from them.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

So as people, I would say, up their environmental goals. From saying, well, we're going to be net-zero
carbon emissions on a global scale and really having an hourly netting, this is really the only product on
the market. So of course, those companies that have the highest environmental standards are interested
in this product. So it's -- we think, a very interesting development and one that we expect to replicate
with multiple clients.

Operator

The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Maybe just I wanted to start with the 2021 target. Analyst Day, you guys were targeting 3 to 4
gigawatts of PPAs this year and now it sort of seems like it's more. I just want to make sure I'm sort of
understanding that correctly. Is that just because you had a strong start, and now you're expecting 4
instead of 2 to 4 at the Analyst Day?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I mean, we did 3 in 2019 and 2020. We're seeing a strong start, not only in signed PPAs, but the
deals we have in progress. So we feel sufficiently confident to say that we expect to be at the upper end
of our initial guidance range of 3 to 4. So we expect to be at 4 gigawatts of new renewable PPAs signed in
2021.

Durgesh Chopra
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's perfect. Maybe just can I get your thoughts on competition, Andres. Obviously, there's a lot of
U.S. sort of domestic players in the market, you're seeing a lot of international competition. Maybe just
any thoughts as you sort of compete for these PPAS, what's the competition like? And sort of what's your
competitive advantage?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Well, look, we do see a lot of competition out there in the market. Our strategy has been to offer more
value to our clients. So we don't want to just compete for commoditized busbar renewable PPAs. So we
have several competitive advantages. And of course, with our knowledge of energy storage, we have been
really a leader in the new applications for energy storage, not only through Fluence in terms of the new
design, but AI bidding-enabled bidding engines and how do we combine them?

So the Google deal is a perfect example of how we brought together multiple energy sources, renewable
energy sources and provided a unique product to a very demanding client. So that's our angle. Our angle
is really how we bring these things together, how we create more value for the client. And I think very
importantly is that we co-create with our clients. So this was a joint project with Google that reflects more
than a year's work. It's just like what we did in Kauai. What was really sort of the first sort of 24/7 solar
energy storage product offering, we codeveloped it with the Kauai Island Utility Cooperative. So that's our
unique angle.

So again, we see more deals like this Google deal. And more ways of working with clients to provide more
value in just not a commoditized product. So the other advantage we have is, look, we started working on
our pipeline. So we have a pipeline of 30 gigawatts globally. We have a pipeline of more than 15 gigawatts
in the U.S.

And pipeline is not equally defined term across all players. What we mean in pipeline, these are projects
that we can execute on. So we have a land bank. We've been buying land. We've been buying land rights.
We've been getting interconnection rights, looking really at the overlay of like best solar irradiation, best
interconnections with the grid. And in addition, best wind sites. So we feel very good. I mean, putting

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

something together like we did for Google in Virginia, something that we can replicate in other markets,
where we have big presence, whether it be New York, whether it be California, that we don't think other
people can at present. So I think we're very well situated.

And we also have some other angles that people don't have that are very new. One I would mention is
5B. 5B allows us to double the energy density. So think about that. If you need to locate 100 megawatts
of energy, we can do it in the space, other people can do it in 50. We can build it in 1/3 of the time. Now
5B, the maverick product is still early in its stage of development. We still have to massify it to drive down
costs and prove it out. But it has unique characteristics, not only the ones I've mentioned, but in Australia,
it has been tested in actual life a situation by category for hurricane winds. And that's something that
conventional solar cannot do. So we feel very optimistic of offering this suite of technologies. And also a
unique way of bringing them together and also a unique way of working with clients.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Wanted to talk through supply chain stresses. We regularly get questions just throughout the whole
renewables value chain about shortages, cost increases, et cetera, and I respect that sort of the Northvolt
agreement is one example of many ways that you've insured availability. But I guess, broadly put, across
solar, across the balance of system, across storage, et cetera. Are you seeing any stresses on supply chain
for you all, any impacts from that broadly?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Yes, that's a great question. And as you know, we've been, I think, always very concerned about this.
When we talked beginning of last year about COVID at the time, and we said, look, we were concerned
about supply and the possible effects of COVID on the supply chain even here in the states. So we've been
on top of this.

Right now, we're not seeing any real supply constraints, whether it be on batteries, whether it be on solar
panels, whether we see on wind turbines. However, if you look at the growth plans that are reflected in,
for example, the Biden's renewable energy agenda and you see what utilities are talking about, you're
seeing dramatic increases in demand. And we think that, that could be a problem in the future. So we're
getting out ahead of this. And I think it's not only the physical supplies that we're talking about, but it
could be things like land, for example, how many megawatts of readily available land is there to meet this
great need.

So right now, we're not seeing it, Steve, but we're on top of it, and that's where we're making the kind of
strategic agreements like Northvolt. Expect more, I would say, because that, we think, is a key element.
I mean, we expect this market to grow very rapidly, and we think you have to be thinking about that now
at all angles, whether it be people, land, interconnections. I do see -- and I think we've spoken about it in
the past, energy storage playing a role in eliminating transmission constraints. So that's an exciting new
area that needs to be developed, and it really isn't tapped.

So getting to your answer, we're not seeing it today. We're on top of it. I do expect there to be a pinch
at sometime in the future. When? I don't know, it could be 12 months, it could be 18 months, but we're
preparing for that possibility.

Stephen Calder Byrd
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

That's really helpful. And then maybe shifting gears to 5B. You've spoken about this before, you laid it
out again today. And I was just curious your latest thoughts in terms of as you think about the growth of
5B, whether this is going to be -- is there a potential, given just how beneficial this approach is that this
is something that's similar to other technologies you developed that you can broadly monetize, broadly
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

market and sell? Or is this something more for your own purposes over time? How broad could this be?
And is this another candidate that could be monetized over time?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I love the question. So we've had, my counting 4 unicorns, small companies that can do more than
$1 billion valuation. I think our secret sauce has been to buy small companies. I mean, some of them we
bought for $20 million, $30 million initial investment and now are worth more than $1 billion. And what's
the secret sauce?

Secret sauce really is, one, we give them a platform for massive expansion. Two, we work with them to
create new applications. So we're not just a client. It's like we are co-developing and creating new uses for
this technology. So we allow it to grow fast, we allow it to grow new areas. But equally important, we're
able to keep the entrepreneurial spirit of these businesses.

So in other words, even though we're a big company, we make a real effort not to smother them and
let them run as much as possible on their own. Now we made a philosophical decision years ago that
just to use it on our own platform, while that gives us a temporary advantage limits the growth of this
new technology. And quite frankly, a lot of this has to do with massifying them to really drive down
costs. Energy storage is a lot cheaper today because we massified it. We're in 29 countries. We have 5.6
gigawatts in 29 countries that we either built or we're providing control systems, bidding platforms. So
that's quite large and allows us to learn from that.

So with 5B, it's the same. We will have certain time of exclusivity in certain markets. But now this will
be available to the broader market over time. So what we're doing with 5B is, again, massifying it,
putting it out. And then eventually, it will be available to other players as well. So for example, today in
Australia, other people are using 5B technology. And I see it very similar to our prior ventures, whether it
be Fluence, whether it be Distributed Energy, that we have, whether it be Uplight, that our philosophy is
not to keep it to ourselves, just keep it to our own platform, but expand it more broadly.

So it's interesting. We make money. I was thinking about, we make money for our shareholders in 2 ways.
One is our platforms, which we are shifting from fossil fuels to renewables. And there, you can value
us on cash flow, earnings per share, et cetera. But at the same time, we're creating value in these new
technological -- technology companies. And those have a different valuation and a different value creation.
And that's why selling to third parties is so important to maximize the value of them.

Now the fact is that having the link between AES and these start-ups is key because, as I said, we're
mutually beneficial to create value. We help them grow. They help us to really be a leading-edge
technology provider. If we didn't have the knowledge of batteries that we have, we wouldn't have done the
Google deal. So there are 2 ways that we're creating value here with these new companies.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of David Peters from Wolfe Research.

David Christian Peters
Wolfe Research, LLC

I was just curious on the strategic alliance with Google, are you guys still working on similar agreements
in locations beyond Virginia. I guess I'm just wondering how far you expect kind of the scope of that
particular alliance to reach?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

What would I'd say is -- what I can say is really that we had an initial agreement, which we had talked
about. It was really the sort of RFP for 1 gigawatt. That has, I would say, developed, if you will, into the
deal that we have announced. We expect to expand some of that energy provided over time as their needs

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

grow. And again, we will -- we have this unique product that we will offer to them and other clients at this
stage and time. So that's all I really can say at this stage of the game.

David Christian Peters
Wolfe Research, LLC

Okay. And then maybe just on some of the other projects you have in the works. Has there been any
updates on the hydrogen study in Chile or in Vietnam with the LNG and CCGT projects, I guess, since
Investor Day?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Look, regarding, first, the green hydrogen really green ammonia project in Chile, we continue to work with
our partner on the feasibility study. So work goes on. And as I said, we'll probably have news before the
end of the year one way or the other. It's really a matter, can we get the costs down to be competitive
with gray or blue hydrogen products. So I'm optimistic. We're working hard and stay tuned.

Regarding Vietnam, it's the same thing. We continue to work towards a new LNG terminal, which would be
450 or so tera BTUs. So more than double what we have between Panama and the Dominican Republic.
And there's an associated 2.2 gigawatts of combined cycle gas plants. So note that progress continues
on that. We're part of the government's plan, realize that this facility will avoid the construction of many,
many co-plants. And I also mentioned that we will be, as soon as feasible, moving towards providing
green hydrogen. Which basically means that it's certified that it doesn't -- it has less than a certain
amount of leakage from production to delivery. And we think that's very important to really reap the
climate advantages of natural gas versus, say, other heavy fossil fuels.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Charles Fishman from Morningstar.

Charles J. Fishman
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

Andres, I wanted to follow-up on that Vietnam question. Does the recent strength in crude oil prices help
you in the development of that project in Vietnam? I would think -- I appreciate there's some coal plants
there, but isn't a lot of a competition or at least that you'd be replacing residual fuel that's used for power
generation in that region and the strength of the crude oil price help in that perspective.

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

Our LNG business is really tolling, for example, in Central America and the Caribbean. So we get a tolling
fee. We're not taking direct commodity risk. Now, of course, the bigger spread between Henry Hub and
world oil prices, especially WTI, the more tolling we'll do at the margins. A lot of these are take-or-pay
agreements. So what we've announced is take-or-pay. So we're not so directly effective. But all things
being equal, a bigger spread between natural gas and oil is favorable. We'll do at the margin some more.

In Vietnam, this is a project which is very much needed because they had been relying on offshore gas,
and that's running out. So this will -- it has an immediate demand. Unlike say, Dominican Republic or
Panama, where we had to develop the demand. This is a situation where you have a pent-up demand. And
you will be relieving a bottleneck because there just aren't -- those fields are basically exhausted. So you
have to bring in gas to feed the existing combined cycles. So I really don't see it as much as a -- direct as
a oil price gas play.

Again, at the margin, you could have more industries convert or more transportation convert to
compressed natural gas or other forms. But not really, these are tolling agreements. And in Vietnam, the
demand is there, it doesn't have to be created. But again, as is expense, for example, the new combined
cycles, yes, those will definitely be displacing coal plants.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Charles J. Fishman
Morningstar Inc., Research Division

And then Andres, as I recall, the Vietnam project doesn't enter into the 7% to 9% through 2025. That's
really a 2025 event and beyond, correct?

Andres Ricardo Gluski Weilert
President, CEO & Director

That's correct.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the
conference back to Mr. Ahmed Pasha for closing comments. Please go ahead.

Ahmed Pasha
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, everybody, for joining us on today's call. As always, the IR team will be available to answer
any follow-up questions you may have. Thanks again, and have a great day.

Operator
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending
today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE AES CORPORATION FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 06, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

