The J. M. Smucker Company NYSE:SJM
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, June 04, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

2.28

2.57

12.72

1.73

8.47

8.76

3.42

8.39

2047.55

2092.00

2.17

1814.11

7755.45

7801.00

0.59

7668.29

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-04-2020 12:54 PM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.75

2.14

2.23

2.28

1.58

2.26

2.35

2.57

(9.71 %)

5.61 %

5.38 %

12.72 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Aaron Broholm
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

John Joseph Baumgartner
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Matthew Jacob Fishbein
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the J. M. Smucker Company's Fiscal 2020 Fourth Quarter Earnings
Conference Call. This conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference
over to Aaron Broholm, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Broholm, please go ahead.

Aaron Broholm
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our Fiscal 2020 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call.
After this brief introduction, Mark Smucker, President and CEO, will give an overview of the quarter's
results and an update on our strategic initiatives. Tucker Marshall, CFO, will then provide detailed analysis
of the financial results and our fiscal 2021 outlook.

During today's call, we will make forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current
expectations about future plans and performance. These statements rely on assumptions and estimates,
and actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. I encourage you to read the full
disclosure concerning forward-looking statements in this morning's press release, which is located on our
corporate website at jmsmucker.com.

Additionally, please note the company uses non-GAAP results to evaluate performance internally as
detailed in the press release. We have posted a supplementary slide deck summarizing the quarterly
results, including additional information regarding net sales by segment and cost of products sold for fiscal
2020. The slides can be accessed on our website and will be archived there along with a replay of this call.
If you have additional questions after today's call, please contact me. I will now turn the call over to Mark
Smucker.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us.

I would like to begin by acknowledging the challenging times we all continue to live through as a result of
the COVID-19 pandemic. At Smucker, we are united in our commitment to support those most impacted.
We are focused on maintaining employee wellness and supporting our communities, retaining our high-
quality and safety manufacturing standards and partnering closely with our suppliers and retailers to
ensure we can deliver food for consumers and their pets. I am extremely proud and thankful for our
employees, who have fully embraced our Thriving Together philosophy, which defines success as driving
business growth while also helping those associated with our company thrive. This approach means we
take an active role in helping our consumers, supply chains, communities, and the planet.

Our teams adapted to a rapidly changing environment by drawing on the strength of our production
capabilities and responding quickly to customer and consumer needs. Our fourth quarter results, including
record net sales and adjusted earnings per share performance, are a direct reflection of the dedication and
agility of our teams.

The quarter's net sales increased by 10% versus the prior year, driven by the change in consumption
patterns due to COVID-19. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.57, an increase of 24%, benefiting from
increased sales, improved profit margins related to mix and operating leverage and reduced marketing
expense, partially offset by increased costs related to COVID-19. For the full year, net sales were flat to
the prior year at $7.8 billion, which, on an organic basis, was an increase of 1%. Adjusted earnings per
share was $8.76, an increase of 6%. And free cash flow was $986 million, an increase of 26%.

Through February, fourth quarter results were tracking in line with our previous guidance, which called
for full year net sales to decrease 3% or 2% on an organic basis compared to the prior year and full year
adjusted EPS of $8.10 to $8.30.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

In March, the COVID-19 pandemic led to stay-at-home orders across the world, which resulted in
unprecedented demand as consumers loaded their pantries and consumed more food and beverages at
home. To maximize product availability and achieve greater operational efficiency, we produced limited
SKUs within the coffee and consumer food segments and allocated shipments across our customer base as
demand began to outpace production for certain products, notably for Jif Peanut Butter and Uncrustables
frozen sandwiches. Consumer takeaway in measured channels increased 40% across our portfolio in March
with growth of 72% for consumer foods, 37% for coffee and 20% for pet.

In April, elevated demand continued in the coffee and consumer food segment. For pet food, consumer
takeaway reversed in April as pet parents began depleting the initial March stock-up purchases.
Consumption for pets generally did not increase with the exception of some additional treating as pet
parents spent more time at home.

While stay-at-home orders drove significant growth for all our retail businesses, these orders severely
reduced demand for the Away From Home business as restaurants, lodging, schools and many offices
closed. The Away From Home experienced a sales decline of 15% for the quarter and nearly 50% in
April. Our ability to deliver a fourth quarter sales increase of 10% for the total company reinforces the
strength of our execution capabilities in a challenging environment. More broadly, the work we have
done to transform the company over the last few years, and our commitment to our strategic growth
imperatives to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere supported
these exceptional results.

I'll share a few examples of the accomplishments that highlight our strong execution in the fourth quarter.
Let me begin with lead in the best categories. Our portfolio is tailored toward growing in attractive
categories where our brands have leadership positions. Over 90% of the growth for consumer products in
March and April was driven by established or leading brands, those not only recognizable by consumers,
but also with the ability to quickly scale production to support the surge in demand.

In the pet food category, our market-leading dog snacks and cat food businesses continue to deliver
strong net sales growth. Sales for dog snacks, led by the Milk-Bone brand, grew 12%; and cat food, led
by the Meow Mix brand, grew 19% with our cat food market share improving over a 0.5 point in the 13-
week period and 2.5 points in April. In dog food, strong growth for our mainstream and value brands was
more than offset by the anticipated declines for the Natural Balance and Rachael Ray Nutrish brands. The
declines for Natural Balance were primarily attributable to the pet specialty channel, which experienced
declines in foot traffic, as consumers made fewer stops during their shopping trips and shifted purchases
to the grocery and e-commerce channels.

For Nutrish dog food, volume mix, consumer takeaway and household penetration all grew during the
quarter. As anticipated, net sales declined following over 20% growth in the prior year fourth quarter,
primarily related to sell-in from distribution expansion and higher pricing.

Despite an uncertain economic recovery, our pet portfolio is uniquely positioned to perform well with a
breadth of options to meet consumer needs across the full spectrum of value, mainstream, premium and
super premium offerings.

Turning to our coffee business. As the market leader in the at-home coffee category, we benefited from
increased at-home consumption. We gained dollar and volume share during the quarter for all brands
across the mainstream, one cup and instant formats. Over 1 million new households tried the Folgers,
Dunkin' or Café Bustelo brands in the quarter with 75% of those households purchasing Folgers for the
first time during the last 12 months. We have tailored our marketing strategies to engage these new users
and increase loyalty to our brands.

In snacking, our Smucker's Uncrustables business continued to deliver exceptional growth. Full year sales
for the brand increased 26% and accelerated to a 50% increase in the fourth quarter. The brand benefited
from increased capacity provided by the new Longmont, Colorado manufacturing facility. We anticipate
being able to further increase capacity in early calendar year 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Demand for the #1 lunch sandwich in the U.S., peanut butter and jelly extended beyond Uncrustables as
total net sales in retail channels increased double digits for both the category-leading Jif Peanut Butter and
Smucker's Fruit Spreads core products. As consumer takeaway for peanut butter continues to outpace our
available production, we have temporarily suspended all promotions. Further, we project higher peanut
costs in fiscal year 2021, driven by reduced peanut crop yields and increased consumer demand.

Shifting to our growth imperative to build brands consumers love. Last year, we reinvigorated our largest
brands with breakthrough advertising across multiple media and social platforms to support long-term
growth. Stepped-up investments in marketing included projected spend of approximately 6.5% to 7% of
net sales. For the quarter, marketing was 5.7% of net sales and 6.4% of net sales for the full year, just
below prior estimates due to the higher-than-projected sales in the fourth quarter and reduced spend due
to COVID-19.

In fiscal 2020, we launched new advertising campaigns for 10 of our largest brands. We are continuing
this momentum with prioritized marketing investments for our key growth platforms of premium pet food
and pet snacks and coffee and are planning to run the first national marketing campaign for Smucker's
Uncrustables in the second half of the fiscal year.

Increased data provided by shifts in consumer behavior during the quarter allows us to further refine our
marketing efforts with a focus on developing strategies to retain consumers, who are new to our brands.

Our third growth imperative is to be everywhere, ensuring our brands are available whenever and
wherever consumers shop, and that our interactions with consumers and products are available on
demand and across more channels than ever before. Research has indicated that during these turbulent
times, 1 out of 5 shoppers switched their primary grocery store, choosing retailers with availability of their
preferred products and enhanced online capabilities, which further underscores the importance of this
imperative.

In the quarter, our pure-play e-commerce sales grew 66%, led by pet food with over 60% growth and
coffee with more than 90% growth. Pure-play sales accounted for nearly 7% of total U.S. retail and beat
our goal of 5% for the full year. Further, when accounting for total online sales, inclusive of omnichannel
retailers, over 10% of our U.S. retail sales were through e-commerce in the quarter with the largest driver
of growth coming from click-and-collect purchases. We anticipate continued strong e-commerce growth as
65% of consumers expect to use digital shopping channels more frequently in the future.

I want to highlight one final accomplishment before shifting focus to fiscal year 2021 priorities. We
completed the evolution of our senior leadership team. John Brase joined the company as Chief Operating
Officer; and Cory Onell joined us as the Head of U.S. Retail Sales. Tucker Marshall transitioned into the
role of CFO as of May 1, and Rob Ferguson was promoted to the position of Senior Vice President and
General Manager, U.S. Retail Pet Food and Snacks this week. All of these individuals bring tremendous
experience in CPG to our team. And I am confident that with the strength of our leadership team, we are
well positioned to execute our strategy and deliver through this dynamic period.

I would now like to shift attention to fiscal year 2021. The unprecedented environment caused by
COVID-19 has drastically shifted assumptions across the industry, including the preliminary direction
we provided for fiscal year 2021. The increased contribution from the initial stock-up purchasing in the
fourth quarter, a significant headwind throughout 2021 for the Away From Home business and incremental
costs related to COVID-19 will be only partially offset by at home consumption growth for our coffee and
consumer foods businesses. This will result in year-over-year declines for both sales and adjusted earnings
per share. Excluding the COVID-19-related benefits in fiscal 2020 and the anticipated impact in fiscal
2021, we expect both top and bottom line growth driven by the positive momentum for our key categories
and brands, along with incremental benefits from ongoing cost savings initiatives.

We will continue to focus on executing our long-term consumer-centric growth strategy while
strengthening financial discipline. In the near term, this means focusing on executing 4 key priorities this
fiscal year that are critical to ensuring we continue the underlying momentum and we achieve our financial
goals for this year and beyond. These include, first, continued progress toward driving consistent net sales
growth. This means capitalizing on increased demand within our consumer foods, coffee and international

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

retail businesses, improving the growth trajectory of our pet business and adapting our brand-building
activities to win in a period of economic contraction. Second, an increased focus on financial discipline to
maintain or improve our strong profit margins and cash flow generation. This includes a total company
commitment to productivity, a new margin management program and collaboration and transparency with
our retail partners to provide value to consumers consistent with pricing that reflects cost changes where
appropriate.

Third is to harness our full suite of capabilities to improve our commercial execution and build competitive
advantage. We have invested in new capabilities and implemented several changes to our organization
structure aimed at increasing agility and enhancing our category leadership abilities. We must market our
brands effectively, deliver on balanced innovation and win across all channels.

Fourth and finally is the continued commitment to our purpose by feeding and fortifying connections.
Now more than ever, it is important to strengthen connections with all our stakeholders, including our
consumers, customers, suppliers, employees, communities and our shareholders. I look forward to our
team providing detailed insights into these priorities and our long-term strategy when we hold an Investor
Day on October 13. More details on the logistics will be shared in the coming months.

In closing, I want to reiterate my appreciation and admiration of our employees for their efforts this past
year and their continued commitment as we move ahead. We recognize there is still more work to do,
but we will continue to adapt as the company has successfully done for more than 120 years. I would
like to also, once again, acknowledge Mark Belgya, who has been instrumental in the transformation of
our company over the last 35 years, including 15 years as the CFO. Also, I would like to welcome Tucker
Marshall, who assumed the CFO role on May 1, and I look forward to working with him in the years to
come.

I will now turn the call over to him.

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone.

Let me begin by giving an overview of our fourth quarter results before providing more details on
our financial outlook for fiscal 2021. Net sales increased 10%, driven by the consumer demand from
COVID-19, which we estimate contributed 10 percentage points to growth in the quarter. Favorable
vol mix contributed 11 percentage points to net sales growth and was slightly offset by lower net price
realization. Adjusted gross profit increased $85 million or 12% from the prior year, driven by the increased
contribution from vol mix and reduced input costs, partially offset by lower net pricing. Adjusted operating
income increased $78 million as the increased gross profit more than offset the $4 million increase for
SG&A expenses.

Within SG&A, distribution expense increased $10 million attributable to increased volume and expenses
related to the consolidation of distribution centers for the pet business. Marketing expense decreased $7
million as COVID-related shutdowns impacted the ability to complete certain initiatives. G&A expenses
increased $2 million as incremental expenses related to COVID-19 more than offset benefits from
synergies and cost management programs. The additional expenses incurred from COVID-19 totaled $12
million in G&A.

Below operating income, interest expense decreased $4 million driven by a reduction in outstanding debt
from repayments made over the prior 12 months. The adjusted effective income tax rate was 23.4%.
Factoring all this in, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.57 compared to $2.08 in 2019, an
increase of 24%.

Let me now turn to segment results, beginning with pet foods. Net sales increased 6% with estimated
sales related to COVID-19 contributing 8 percentage points to growth. Cat food continued its strong trends
with Meow Mix and 9Lives both growing approximately 20%. Dog treats grew 12%, led by Milk-Bone and
Pup-Peroni. Dog food sales decreased mid-single digits due to declines for the Natural Balance and Nutrish
brands. Nutrish results were slightly better than expectations due to consumer stock-up purchasing,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

but, more importantly, achieved increased household penetration and consumer takeaway. Sales for our
mainstream Kibbles 'n Bits brand increased over 20%, and branded value dog food also grew while private
label offerings were flat compared to the prior year. Pet food segment profit increased 14% compared to
the prior year driven by increased volume mix and reduced marketing expense, which was partially offset
by increased distribution and selling expenses.

Turning to the coffee segment. Net sales increased 11% compared to the prior year. The estimated
contribution from consumer stock-up and increased at-home consumption related to COVID-19 was 9
percentage points. The Dunkin' and Café Bustelo brands each grew 19%, and sales for the Folgers brand
increased high single digits, highlighted by double-digit growth for classic roast canister and K-Cups.
Coffee segment profit increased 11%, reflecting the favorable vol mix. Increases in selling and marketing
expenses were mostly offset by a small net benefit of price and costs.

In consumer foods, net sales increased 22%. Sales for Smucker's Uncrustable frozen sandwiches
increased 47%, Smucker's Fruit Spreads grew 27%, and the Crisco brand grew 56%. Sales for the Jif
brand grew 8%, lapping a 17% volume increase in the prior year fourth quarter. Segment profit increased
69% due to the benefit from vol mix, the favorable net impact of price and cost and lower SG&A expense.

Lastly, in the International & Away From Home segment, net sales were comparable to the prior year. Vol
mix increased net sales by 2 percentage points but was offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. COVID-19
had significant and contrasting effects on the segment. International sales grew significantly with the
largest gains in baking and fruit spreads category. The Away From Home business contracted 15%
overall, led by significant declines in coffee, partially offset by growth for Smucker Uncrustables frozen
sandwiches. Segment profit decreased 9%, primarily reflecting increased input costs and unfavorable
foreign currency exchange.

Fourth quarter free cash flow was $211 million, which represented a $30 million increase from the prior
year. This reflects an increase in cash provided by operating activities and a $16 million reduction in
capital expenditures. On a full year basis, free cash flow was $986 million with CapEx of $269 million,
representing 3.5% of net sales. CapEx spending was below our guidance range, in part due to cancellation
or delay of projects, as safety and physical distancing requirements restricted the number of projects we
were able to complete in the quarter.

There were 2 other key items impacting free cash flow. First, the company initiated a program to extend
payment terms in conjunction with a supplier financing program in the fiscal year, which is benefiting
working capital. The total benefit to the full year free cash flow from the program was approximately
$150 million. Second, the company settled interest rate contracts in conjunction with a debt offering in
the fourth quarter. The one-time cash outflow for the settlement was $240 million with the expense to
be amortized as interest is paid over the life of the notes, which are 10 and 30 years, respectively. We
finished the year with cash and cash equivalent balances at $391 million compared to the prior year-end
of $101 million. A portion of the proceeds from the $800 million debt offering in the fourth quarter was
used to pay $500 million of senior notes that were due in March. We finished the year with a gross debt
balance of $5.6 billion. Based on a trailing 12-month EBITDA of approximately $1.7 billion, our leverage
ratio stands at 3.3x.

Let me now provide additional color on our outlook for fiscal 2021. COVID-19 implications had a material
benefit to our fiscal 2020 results and are creating significant uncertainty in our fiscal 2021 projections.
Rapidly changing consumer purchasing behavior in retail and Away From Home channels, volatility of input
costs and any supply chain disruption could materially impact future results. That said, we are sharing our
expectations based on our current understanding of the environment. Fiscal 2021 net sales are anticipated
to decrease 1% to 2%, primarily driven by lapping the $185 million of incremental sales in the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2020 and an additional COVID-related sales headwind of approximately $120 million in
fiscal 2021. Together, these represent a nearly 4% swing in our forecasted year-over-year sales results.

The anticipated COVID-related headwind in fiscal 2021 is due to a significant and extended sales decline
in our Away From Home business of $170 million. Further, in the U.S. Retail Pet Foods segment, pantry
destocking is anticipated in the first quarter following the initial consumer stock-up in March. We anticipate
no material ongoing changes to pet food demand from COVID-19 for the remainder of the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

The impact in Away From Home and pet is expected to be only partially offset by COVID-related benefits
for the balance of the business. For our coffee, consumer foods and Canadian retail businesses, we
anticipate elevated demand extending early in the fiscal year from increased at-home consumption and
then moderating for the remainder of the fiscal year. Excluding the disruption caused by COVID-19,
underlying sales growth across the business is projected to be positive. Key considerations included in
our assumptions are continued double-digit growth for the Smucker's Uncrustables brand, enabled by a
full year of increased production capacity; a coffee segment sales increase reflecting lapped, deflationary
pricing and the ongoing growth of the Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo brands; and continued strength for dog
snacks and cat food, an improvement from the Nutrish brand and dog food.

We have also factored in 2 items that will be a drag on top line while having a lesser impact on profit, the
discontinuation of Jif Power Ups, which contributed $20 million to the consumer foods segment in the prior
year, and an approximate $20 million decline in private label dog food beginning in the second quarter
due to planned distribution contractions. Taking all this into consideration, we expect low single digit sales
growth in the first quarter with coffee and consumer foods growth exceeding the Away From Home decline
and the pet destocking headwind. For the remainder of the year, underlying sales growth and at-home
consumption increases will be more than offset by lapping the initial demand surge in the fourth quarter
and the decline from the Away From Home throughout the remainder of the year.

Full year adjusted earnings per share is anticipated to range between $7.90 and $8.30, which factors
in approximately $1 of year-over-year COVID-related impact, included lapping the benefit in the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2020 and now the expected incremental headwind in fiscal 2021. This incremental
COVID-19 headwind reflects: one, the decreased profit contribution from the sales decline in the Away
From Home business, only partially offset by other business sales growth; two, changes in market
dynamics, including unfavorable foreign currency and higher commodity costs; three, additional health
and safety costs; and four, supply chain disruption or delayed projects. We expect to reduce this year-
over-year COVID-19 impact with underlying sales growth with an emphasis on delivering profits, inclusive
of ongoing cost management programs and discipline that will allow us to achieve our guidance range.

Our full year adjusted earnings per share projection also includes a gross profit margin of 37.5%, which
factors in higher costs driven by increased commodity costs for peanuts, green coffee and animal proteins,
along with incremental COVID-19-related costs, partially offset by reduced freight expense. SD&A expense
is flat to slightly down, with total marketing spend approximately 6% to 6.5% of net sales, reflecting
savings generated by margin management programs, interest expense of approximately $190 million
and adjusted effective tax rate of approximately 24% and a weighted average share count of 114 million,
which assumes no share repurchases at this time.

We project free cash flow will be between $900 million and $950 million with capital expenditures of $300
million for the year. Other key assumptions affecting cash flow include depreciation and amortization
expenses of approximately $230 million and $240 million, respectively, and share-based compensation
expense of $30 million. We anticipate making debt repayments over the fiscal year, which will reduce
our leverage to approximately 3x, and then provide flexibility for strategic uses of cash to support future
growth and shareholder value.

In closing, let me reiterate Mark's opening comments. Our businesses performed exceptionally well in the
fourth quarter, and we are proud of the agility and commitment our employees demonstrated to meet
demand. We remain encouraged by the underlying trends for our brands and believe the actions we have
taken to transform our company will enable us to achieve balanced, long-term top and bottom line growth
in a fiscally responsible manner, which will lead to the continued delivery of shareholder value.
Thank you for your time. We will now open the call to your questions. Operator, please queue up the first
question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Andrew Lazar from Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

As you talked about, I think, excluding COVID-related sales impacts in fiscal '21 and the fiscal 4Q lap that
you talked about, the company is looking for, I guess, anywhere between a 2% and 3% rise in organic
sales in fiscal '21. You've put some parameters around that, and I appreciate it. And I understand, of
course, we're in a very dynamic environment to begin with. But given that, I guess, underlying organic,
excluding the COVID benefit in 4Q for the year last year, I think it was still negative. I'm trying to get a
sense of your level of comfort around that type of an underlying acceleration in sales growth as we go
through this year. And then I've got -- particularly given some of the current market share challenges in
pet. And then I've just got a follow-up.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Andrew, it's Mark. I'll start, and Tucker will add on here. But first of all, I think what we've seen through
the COVID situation is, obviously, first and foremost, we had to make sure that we're doing the right
things for our customers and consumers. Because, clearly, in a crisis of this magnitude, we have an
obligation to consumers, the citizens of North America, where we do business, to make sure that we
supply safe and consistent food supply. And what we have seen through that is a -- first of all, we are
in resilient categories. And strategically, our 3 growth imperatives are right. In other words, we've
demonstrated that we were able to lead in these categories to continue to support the health and
building of the brands, and then, of course, making sure that our products could -- and brands could
be everywhere. So given that and given that consumers have -- we have seen a return to a number of
trusted brands, that and a host of other things, gives us confidence that we can maintain some of this
momentum going into this next fiscal year despite the headwinds that we are facing.

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

Andrew, this is Tucker. To further address your question, we do see underlying growth in the business
absent COVID, as we've said, largely driven by double-digit growth for Smucker's Uncrustables, continued
momentum in the coffee business led by Dunkin' and Cafe Bustelo, obviously, strength around our dog
and cat -- our dog snack and cat portfolio, and then continued improvement in the Nutrish brand. And as
we've shared before, in order to translate that top line growth into bottom line growth, we continue to
advance our margin management programs in order to ensure both profitability and earnings growth over
time. This commentary absent COVID is pretty consistent with what we shared at CAGNY. Obviously, a
pandemic has since occurred. So new news.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then the follow-up would be 1 of the 4 key priorities, Mark, that you talked about for fiscal '21 was
that new margin management program. And I think as part of it, you specifically said some potential
changes in the -- I guess, sort of it sounded like pricing architecture to be more consistent with where
some of your costs might be or key inputs. And I was trying to get a better sense of if there's more color
you can put around that. I was intrigued by it, but still unclear exactly what that was.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Yes. There are 2 separate things, to be honest. But to answer your question specifically, Andrew, on
margin management, we have been -- every year, we have a continuous improvement mindset. So we
continue to look at cost discipline across all of our businesses and functions every year. This is basically
an evolution of those efforts, making sure that as we continue to challenge our cost structure, that we
are making decisions that essentially would be permanent decisions. These are not temporary exercises,
but ensuring that our cost structure is right for the company that we are and wish to become. Pricing,
we -- it was in the script. We are seeing increased costs on peanuts and on coffee. There is a number
of components, particularly in the coffee, in terms of how we get to a total delivered cost. So to the
extent, obviously, we're very cautious in monitoring all of the various price gouging laws that are out
there, but we do expect to be able to recover in a prudent and very well-justified way those cost increases
throughout the year.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Ken Goldman from JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Appreciate all the details as always. Tucker, your gross margin guidance of 37.5% for next year, that would
be the lowest in 6 years for the company. I appreciate the headwinds you've highlighted. You've talked
about higher bean costs, higher peanut costs, some fixed cost deleverage, pet stock destocking, et cetera
-- or pet food destocking. But I might have thought that maybe a bit more of the fixed cost leverage would
flow through. And I know your total sales number will be down, so I think that's probably the main answer
here. But to get to the point, why will this be the lowest gross margin year this company has had since
2015? It just feels like that is slightly conservative given that you've had down sales years in the past
when the gross margin hasn't gone that low. So maybe if you can walk us through, maybe rank order
what the biggest drivers of that would be, that would be helpful for us.

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Ken, thank you. And yes, you are correct. We have anticipated the gross profit margin to be down
year-over-year. Largely, I would say, first of all, you have to factor in the Away From Home impact of lost
volume coming through the respective facilities, and that is having a significant impact on absorption. And
so that is a key driver. So as Away From Home volume does return at some point, that should help the
gross profit margin. The second observation that I would make is, to Mark's point, we need to continue
to recover traditional commodity cost increases over time. And we are doing that. The other observation
that I would share, too, is that we're stepping into the next phase of our Longmont expansion in order to
ensure capacity for that growing business. And so as we begin to normalize around these costs over time,
we should see an enhancement to that margin.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. So I'm never going to ask a company about the guidance for 2022 at this point, but I'm imagining
what you're suggesting is that that's -- the 37.5%, hopefully, will be a low watermark for the business, all
things equal. Is that a fair way of thinking about it?

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I would not align on what the outcome is going to be for the future. We obviously remain committed
to ensuring profitability over time. And so, right now, we are working through those elements that I just
shared with you.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Okay. And then follow-up for Mark. You have a new COO, new CFO, new head of your biggest segment.
You've changed some other high-level people's titles, maybe some responsibilities as well within the
last year. So I'm sure there's a lot of new ideas and suggestions for changes in direction that you're
hearing. Obviously, you've talked about how we shouldn't expect major deviations, but sometimes voices
can get louder once they're actually in the room. So I'm just curious, as you think about some of the
conversations you have with your new senior leadership team, how have they changed recently? And are
you hearing any bigger strategic debates within the company that could inform us about how Smucker's
thinking about the modern world, I guess?

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Ken, thank you for the question. I would start by just highlighting that -- a couple of things. The team
itself in terms of the people is one of the strongest teams or maybe the strongest team we've ever had
with incredible CPG experience. I would highlight as well, particularly not only the new members of the
team, but even those who have been promoted within, have a strong track record of delivering results.
And so I couldn't be happier with the team itself.

The structure, as you know, hiring a COO and John coming in, had been contemplated for some time. So
I think I may have said this before, is that when I became CEO, I wanted to stay closer to the businesses,
but had a pretty clear sense that a COO would be required down the road. And I'm very pleased in terms
of the way that this leadership team has been structured. It's a little more streamlined. It's going to help
drive accountability.

And then more specifically, to answer your questions, I will tell you, the dialogue in the room is as
rich as it's ever been. There have been a number of -- there's always differing opinions. I will say the
conversations always take place with a tremendous amount of mutual respect, and we always get to a
place of alignment. Ultimately, though, strategy is my responsibility. And so this structure will allow me
to more consistently focus on the strategy of the company. The fundamentals of that strategy, which you
already know, we believe, still are the right fundamentals. And this particular structure will allow for a
greater degree of agility and execution of that strategy.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from David Driscoll from DD Research.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

Great. Wanted just to go back to the outlook. I have kind of 2 questions I'd like to ask on the outlook. It's
really just one big long question effectively, but can you just tell us what are some of the key assumptions
on -- do you make assumptions on what you think happens on the virus and then eating at home? When
we get to the fall, do you think there's a resurgence in the virus? Those are helpful pieces to understand. I
certainly try to think about that when I think on how to model the winter quarters for different companies
and curious what you've thought about in giving this guidance.

And then I just had a big picture question on guidance. How do you feel about your confidence level in this
particular guidance versus previous years when you've given guidance at this time? I ask because I think
people will put an incredible amount of weight on the numbers you guys have put out there. But I just
wonder if, in a normal year, you're 90% confident in the guidance, but, today, it's -- I would suspect you
are not as confident because this future outlook just for any of us seems to be more uncertain than ever,
but would like to hear your opinion on that.

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

David, as it relates to some of the key assumptions that we considered in building our guidance, we would
first say that the tremendous impact that we saw, positive impact in March and April, and continued
momentum in May as well, we don't believe that we're going to lap the fourth quarter. So just big picture,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

that's the first observation. The second observation is that we see significant and extended decline in our
Away From Home business throughout the fiscal year. And then as it relates to our retail businesses, we
have anticipated that pet will have a destock in the first quarter. That's what we're anticipating. And then
furthermore is that we'll see continued momentum in coffee and consumer at elevated levels in Q1, but
then begin to moderate in Q2, 3 and 4.

And that's kind of how we've modeled out the year. We recognize there are a lot of events and uncertainty
in this dynamic time. But that's also why, to your second point, we put a wide guidance range, so that we
have some flexibility to achieve the numbers that we've put out there, but also recognize that we need to
narrow the range over time as we get more certainty in finishing the fiscal year.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

David, it's Mark. Thanks for the question. I think if I could just make one broad generalization and then
maybe give you a little bit of color on the Away From Home business to provide a bit of confidence
there, the generalization is that if you think about some of the assumptions that we've made around
COVID, basically, we are assuming a prolonged and gradual return to normal. I would just leave it at that.
Obviously, we know things can change and so forth, but that is -- the numbers that we have given and the
breadth of the range are really intended to provide you guys with some degree of transparency given that
it is down from where we finished this year, and we felt that it was important to provide that to you all.

The second piece, just on the Away From Home business, just to give you a sense because we really
don't talk a lot about the Away From Home business, it's -- it had been projected to be just shy of about
a $600 million business. It essentially consists of coffee, branded tabletop products that you would see
in restaurants and hotels, like the little portion controls of jams and peanut butters, and Uncrustables.
In coffee, it consists of a roasting ground business, much of which is in offices, and then a liquid coffee
business that is dispensed through equipment that we distribute with the product is basically concentrated
coffee that is dispensed in customized drinks or high volumes.

So what I would like to leave you with is that the underlying trends of that business are very strong. Pre
COVID, we had been gaining share across all of those segments. And even during COVID, even though
the sales are down significantly, we have also continued to see some share growth in those segments.
Uncrustables as a segment is still -- we anticipate, is going to do okay. And the health care channel, of
course, is going to continue to do okay, but it's the coffee and sort of those tabletop businesses that we
would anticipate to be down. So I know that we don't talk about the Away From Home business a lot,
and I think it -- I just wanted to give you guys a little bit of sense of what's in there, and, obviously, just
acknowledging our Away From Home team has been fantastic and the gentlemen's work in terms of what
they've been doing these last several months. So I just wanted to acknowledge them.

David Christopher Driscoll
DD Research LLC

One super fast follow-up. On Jif, are you adding capacity? When do you get off allocation? And I'll pass it
on.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

So first of all, we have 2 plants on Jif. We anticipated this question might come up. So first of all, I just
want to say we are not apologizing for the performance on Jif. It has been fantastic. We're lapping a huge
Q4 of last year that we did not think that we could beat. And I will tell you that the Jif performance is one
of the things that I'm most proud of during this time. The latest 12 takeaway is about 26%, and we have
been gaining share in the prior 3 quarters. The second, third and fourth quarters, we're clearly the leader.
We're on a much larger base. None of the other players in the category have sold as much peanut butter
as we have in the last few months, and we tended to be the brand that would first sell out in stores. So
we quickly pivoted to full capacity at both of our plants. We streamlined the product offerings to the most
productive SKUs. And so some of those flanker items have not been on shelves for months. But I will tell
you that we are working to get a close to full assortment back on shelf in the next few months, and we
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

will be launching some innovation as well. So we are very confident. I will tell you, we're selling everything
that we can make, and that has been the discipline around making sure that we get peanut butter to
the various customers in a fair and equitable way has really been our focus, and just really proud of the
work there. And we will -- you will see, we believe, have confidence that our share numbers will return to
growth as we get the assortment and the innovation up -- back up and running.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Faiza Alwy from Deutsche Bank.

Faiza Alwy
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I just wanted to dig a little bit deeper on your outlook for the pet business. So I guess in the short term,
you've talked about a little bit of destocking, but I'm wondering if anything has changed from a longer-
term perspective, especially given that, one, during this pandemic, there seems to be anecdotal evidence
of increased pet adoption. And secondly, I wonder during recessionary times, you are expecting a shift in
demand from more sort of premium pet food, especially on the dog food side, towards some of the more
-- some of your mass brands like Kibbles 'n Bits, et cetera.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Thank you for the question. This is Mark. So just a couple of foundational things about the pet category.
Yes, we saw a spike in March. That was really related to just stock-up, a little bit of panic buying, and
then the subsequent de-load. I think the fundamental thing to remember is that pets always eat at home,
right? So pets are not eating at home more than they used to. They always eat at home. And so the pet
category, particularly the pet food segment of the category, is relatively immune to the effects of the
pandemic and the stock-up buying. That's why our projections for the pet business have been relatively
consistent even through the dynamic of the pandemic. We have seen some additional good performance
on snacks, pet snacks because humans are at home more and they are giving their pets more treats. So
we have seen some increase there. And we have seen, as you've pointed out, very strong performance
in mainstream brands. As consumers are watching their wallets a little more, there's probably a little bit
less money in their pockets across the board. We have seen very strong performance in our cat portfolio
as well as Kibbles 'n Bits we commented in the prepared remarks. And so those mainstream, both cat and
dog food brands, are doing very well.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Chris Growe from Stifel.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I just had a quick question for you, if I could, from a high level, and I wanted to dig into one of the
divisions. I guess I'm curious, the degree of conservatism that you've built into your guidance for the year.
You have a wide range, and that seems to account for varying scenarios. But I was thinking about, for
example, the risks, at least in a recessionary environment of private label gain shares as an example. Or
are there other factors you're trying to incorporate into this outlook very early in the year, given you're
giving guidance for a year out from now?

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Chris, I think the objective here with respect to guidance was around visibility and transparency as
what we know regarding the current environment specific to COVID-19, and then also the underlying
performance of our business. So really, our scripted comments have kind of highlighted where we see
both the headwinds and tailwinds to the business. What I would simply say is that we see the dollar
year-over-year impact due to COVID-19. And then the ability to come up about $0.34 to the midpoint
of the guidance range is largely driven by the underlying growth that we've discussed across coffee

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

and consumer and some return in momentum in pet and then continued advancement of our margin
management programs that Mark spoke to earlier.

Christopher Robert Growe
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. And then just to understand how you're approaching promotional. I think advertising's going to
be down a little bit for the year, but, from a promotional standpoint, you're scaling back on that. Have
you also altered, say, your new product launches and new product programs for the year, given the
environment that we're in?

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Chris, it's Mark. Second part of your question, I'll answer first. We did delay the launches of a few new
products, but it's pretty much minimal. So we have actually gotten those launches back in the pipeline.
And we are scheduled to launch them with -- in most cases, probably a few months delay. So we have
gotten those things back on track.

And the first part of your question -- oh, marketing. So we will continue to spend against our brands. We
have been very successful in becoming more efficient from a marketing perspective in terms of finding
ways to strip out nonworking marketing dollars. So that the dollars that we are spending are very effective
and efficient. We will continue to prioritize those marketing investments against those brands that we
think have the most upside, so, for example, Nutrish and Uncrustables being 2 notable ones. So again,
just making sure that we are as effective as we can with our marketing dollars.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Rob Dickerson from Jefferies.

Matthew Jacob Fishbein
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

It's Matt Fishbein on for Rob. Just a follow-up on the marketing piece for a second. Some of your peers
are continuing to keep their foot on the marketing pedal, so to speak, despite some of the out-of-stocks
that they're seeing because to them it's more about building brand equity over the next couple of months
and really trying to capitalize on the household penetration uptick. And like you're saying, with advertising
coming down, what's kind of the philosophy behind marketing spend in 2021?

And does that have anything to do with -- just going back to Mr. Driscoll's question regarding the
allocation of products, does that have anything to do with perhaps the customers still being on allocation
for things like peanut butter or Uncrustables or coffee? Can you give us a little bit -- this is my second
question. Can you give us a little bit of an update on maybe the allocation for those 3 categories, maybe
at the end of Q4, if you're more comfortable with that? Only because just from an investor standpoint, this
kind of takes away from the upside that Smuckers would -- we would think that the company would have,
given your exposure to these categories that would fit well in this at-home consumption situation. Can you
help us kind of bridge the gap there between the lower marketing spend and the allocation for products?

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Rob (sic) [ Matt ], thanks. So this is Mark again. That was a lot, but I will do my best to answer it. First of
all, on marketing, a couple of things. Our brands are performing. You mentioned promotions in there, and
we have pulled back on promotions on things like peanut butter and coffee, in part because the customers
have asked us to do that, and also because there isn't a need to promote as much because consumers --
those products are in very high demand. And similarly, the marketing dollars that we have out there, some
of those brands don't need as much marketing support in this current environment because the brands are
selling themselves. In some cases, we have actually pulled certain advertising campaigns off-air because
we felt that the themes in those advertising campaigns were not appropriate for the current environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

So for example, Jif and Dunkin' both had advertising that sort of had an apocalypse theme. We've pulled
those. So that's just one example.

Moving forward, as we have obviously engaged with consumers a lot over these past few months, there
is a lot more data available. And so it affords us the opportunity to tailor our marketing efforts, more
specifically to different tribes of consumers or what have you. So I would not say, in any way, that we are
taking our foot off the gas. We still launched 10 new campaigns this past year, and we're going to keep
pushing against almost every one of those. We're just going to be laser-focused on which brands, as I said
earlier, are going to get the most resources and really make sure that we're tailoring those efforts.

As to your question about allocations, I would say the worst of it is over, at least given the spike. We
mentioned in the script, the peanut butter and Uncrustables both experienced some allocations. And as
I already said, we are getting our fuller assortment back on shelves. So from an allocation standpoint, I
would tell you, we believe that we are past the biggest constrained period.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Alexia Howard from Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So actually, just following up on the previous question. You've got -- I know you just talked about some
of your allocation, and everything should be fairly smooth sailing from here. But you've got a number of
categories where volume growth has been incredibly high over the last few months, obviously, single-
serve coffee, the oil business, the jams and jellies and the frozen sandwiches. If the demand continues at
this kind of pace, do you have enough supply? I mean, can you keep the production levels at this kind of
level without having more inventory problems going down the road? And then I have a follow-up.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Alexia, the short answer is yes. We, in -- almost everywhere, we really do have the requisite capacity, the
highest demand products. Again, peanut butter and Uncrustables have been very high, obviously, coffee
as well, but we do have enough capacity to service what we are viewing the demand will be over the next
several quarters.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Great. And then the follow-up is just around this idea of being everywhere, I mean, in an environment like
this, where distribution channels are shifting so rapidly, I mean, one of the more targeted approach that
focuses on the fastest-growing channel with the most profitable markets where your products have turned
to be really viable, does it actually make sense to be pushing your distribution as far as you possibly can
and incenting your salespeople to be pushing volumes wherever you can? Or would it be better to be a
little bit more focused in this environment? And I'll pass it on.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Alexia, I think I understand your question. Our sales team is incented to obviously sell profitably. And
so we are focused on making sure that we are really getting the products to where they need to be. If you
think about e-commerce, what was interesting about this quarter was that we did see a large increase in
click-and-collect sales, which tend to have profitability more in line with brick-and-mortar. I will also say
that even our e-commerce, our pure-play e-commerce sales, which are up significantly, notably on smaller
brands like 1850, we are making progress to ensuring that our profitability across all channels is relatively
in line.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Our next question is coming from Jason English from Goldman Sachs.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

You there, Jason?

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Yes, yes. Can you hear me now?

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Yes.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Sorry about that. So I appreciate all the volatility, especially some of the year-on-year noise. But if we
rewind to sort of CAGNY before all this stuff set in and look at your expectations then and compare them
to what you're expecting now, you're forecasting a sales level -- I'm thinking about year-on-year, but
sales level next year that's lower than what you would have expected at CAGNY, an earnings level that's
lower also. And I appreciate that you got like 6.5% of your business that's under pressure, but you've got
about 50% of your business that has some consumption tailwinds right now. So if anything, I would step
back and think that the baseline now should be higher for next year. What's the offset? Where's the net
softness as you think about fiscal 2021 relative to what you were expecting just a couple of months ago?

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

Jason, thanks for the question. I will tell you, I'm not sure that we aligned to the premise that what we
shared at CAGNY is not happening absent the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are, based on our
analyses, looking and seeing that we are seeing some top line growth at a total company level. We have
communicated in our scripted comments what those were around Smucker's Uncrustables; growth by
the Dunkin' and Café Bustelo brands within the coffee segment; obviously, continued growth in cat food
and dog snacks, along with improvement in the Nutrish brand as well within the dog food area. And so
that also is translating down the bottom line in terms of demonstrating bottom line growth as well, not
only from those incremental sales, but, more importantly, also through our ongoing margin management
program. So I'm not sure that there's a vacuum or a hole, like you've said. I think the reality of it is, is
that we do see growth in our business, both top and bottom line, through the COVID situation.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. Okay. I'll try to walk through that off-line with you guys later just so I can fully wrap my head
around it. But just switching topics now kind of back to your pet food business. Looking at what we see
in consumption data, we obviously saw the big growth in March and the destock in April from a consumer
perspective, but it looks like May has kind of come back to normal consumption. So I guess my question
is, what's driving your anticipation of the destock hitting you guys in May? Is it just a shipment timing
thing?

And then secondly, on pet, you were talking throughout the year of private label wins beginning in the
fourth quarter, planned private label wins, but now you're talking about planned private label losses
beginning in the second quarter. What's changed on the private label side?

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Jason, it's Mark. Just the easy answer to your first question about the destock, it is just timing, and it's
just the way that -- as what we're seeing from consumer takeaway would indicate to us that folks, as
they stocked up in March, is just taking a little bit of time through this quarter for them to get through the
product that's in their pantries.

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Mark. And I guess, in support of the private label question, there is a private label headwind in pet
just due to some discontinued business in the fiscal year.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I was hoping to understand the -- it's a $170 million headwind in Away From Home in fiscal '21. But when
I look at your fourth quarter results, it was a little hard to tease out how it could be that big because what
the press release says is that COVID decreased sales by 1%, reflecting a 21% decrease in Away From
Home. So if a 21% decrease in Away From Home only hurt your top line by 1% in that division, I guess,
the big question is, how big is Away From Home? And what kind of a total decline are you expecting for
the year in a percentage basis?

Tucker H. Marshall
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. So Rob, the way that we've thought about the $170 million is that is the year-over-year impact of, a,
not being able to lap what occurred in the fourth quarter for Away From Home, along with the extended
decline over a 12-month period for Away From Home. And so that is what's happening in that $170 million
number that's having both. Away From Home actually had a good couple of months before it saw the
decline in April, and then it's seen the decline over the 12-month period. So it's lapping that kind of fourth
quarter little bit of a sales benefit and then seeing the full impact starting in April over that 13-month
period. So that's the first thing as it relates to Away From Home. I think Mark said in his comments earlier,
the Away From Home business is about a $550 million to $600 million business.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. So all right. Well, I guess I'll through the math with you later.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from John Baumgartner from Wells Fargo.

John Joseph Baumgartner
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Mark, just looking big picture. If you go back to the Investor Day 18 months ago, there was a lot of focus
on 7 or 8 fast growth brands that were guided to high single digit growth in your framework. And you flash
forward to the present, right? Power Ups discontinued. 1850 hasn't really scaled yet. We're aware of the
struggles at Nutrish. So if you reframe that growth discussion for us now, like what's the vision? I mean,
are you assuming a new wave of innovation comes through here? Are you more inclined to just accept a
lower contribution from the growth brand and then just downshift or concentrate your brand investment
accordingly? How are you thinking about the puts and takes in that business?

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

John, thank you for asking that question. If you rewind the clock, we did put a lot of focus on just a couple
of brands in our portfolio, notably Jif and our Jif Power Ups and 1850. As you know, we've made a difficult
but correct decision on Power Ups, given the profit trajectory of that brand. We don't view it as a failed
launch, but I think it required a bit more discipline on the profitability side. As it relates to 1850, and then
I will answer your question more broadly, we are not giving up on 1850. It does have upside. In fact, it is
doing exceptionally well online, and we're able to just recently secure some additional brick-and-mortar
distribution for that brand. So we still feel that 1850 has runway. It's never going to be a $0.5 billion
brand, but it does play a role in our portfolio.

But I would point out to you that in the fiscal year that we just finished, as we look at all new products
in aggregate and the way we measure that, as many companies do, is products launched in the last 3
years in a -- or in a rolling fashion are those that we consider new products. Those new products in totality
contribute about $360 million to our top line during the year. So I would submit to you that although we
were shining the spotlight on a few brands, when you look across our portfolio more broadly, innovation is
still incredibly important, and we will continue to drive innovation. Notable innovations that we'll be seeing
this year would be on Jif and Nutrish, among others. So it still plays a key role in our portfolio.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Pamela Kaufman from Morgan Stanley.

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

You highlighted in the prepared comments that leading brands are benefiting from the current
environment. I guess, based on your conversations with customers, what do you see as the implications
for shelf space for your products over the coming quarters? And do you expect to see any changes to
retailer strategy when it comes to managing your key categories?

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

That's a difficult one to answer. I would say that a couple of things that are important to highlight is what
has come to light is that our brands do matter to consumers. And many -- our stated strategic vision is to
inspire and delight consumers. And I will tell you that if you look at Folgers, how many new households
that we penetrated with Folgers that many consumers have sort of rediscovered their delight for our
brands. And that is the key thing that we really must leverage as we move forward with our marketing
efforts to make sure that those feelings, those sensations about our brands truly do stick.

As it relates to customers, it's a little early to really give a sense there, but I -- and I do think customers
will think -- this will cause customers to think differently about how they merchandise in their store. But
I am hopeful and cautiously optimistic that we will see a return to or a greater support of some of these
leading brands, which maybe heretofore were considered slightly lackluster. So even with a brand like
Folgers, which we saw tremendous growth and tremendous improvement in household penetration, we
will continue to reinvigorate, to think about how we market those brands in a new and more contemporary
way.

Pamela Kaufman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And what is your view on the impact of the macro environment on the consumer? And any views on
potential for down-trading in your categories as a result? I guess, how are you thinking about private label
trends going forward? And in the past, what kind of performance did you see across your portfolio during
challenging economic times?

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Well, traditionally, our brands and categories tend to perform reasonably well during times which are
economically challenged, and, I guess, I would just leave it at that.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Operator

We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to
management for any further or closing comments.

Mark T. Smucker
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I just -- first of all, I wanted to thank each and everyone for tuning in today. I know it was a bit of a
longer call, but we felt that it was important to try to get as much information out there as we could. And
just thank you for your patience and your attention.

Most importantly, though, I would like to thank our employees, who have truly risen to the occasion to
serve our nations. And I could not be prouder of the work that we've done considering that we have been
working virtually now for several months. And the pivot to agility and focus has been noticeable and
phenomenal. So I just wanted to take a moment to acknowledge our employees. And thank you all for
listening.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and
have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

THE J. M. SMUCKER COMPANY FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

