The Coca-Cola Company NYSE:KO
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 21, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.56

0.68

Revenue  (mm)

9301.89

10125.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-21-2021 1:22 PM GMT

21.43

8.85

0.59

2.19

2.36

9705.66

37255.42

39050.75

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.46

0.42

0.50

0.56

0.55

0.47

0.55

0.68

19.57 %

11.90 %

10.00 %

21.43 %

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Timothy K. Leveridge
VP & Investor Relations Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sean King;UBS;Analyst

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Carlos Alberto Laboy
HSBC, Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent
Grandet;Guggenheim;Analyst

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Presentation

Operator

At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to The Coca-Cola Company's second quarter earnings results
conference call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time.
[Operator Instructions]

I would like to remind everyone that the purpose of this conference is to talk with investors and, therefore,
questions from the media will not be addressed. Media participants should contact Coca-Cola's media
relations department if they have any questions.

I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Leveridge, Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Planning
and Analysis. Mr. Leveridge, you may now begin.

Timothy K. Leveridge
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm here with James Quincey, our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer; and John Murphy, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, please note that we’ve posted schedules under the Financial Information tab in the
Investors section of our company website at www.coca-colacompany.com. These schedules reconcile
certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to by our senior executives during this
morning's discussion, to our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. You can
also find schedules in the same section of our website that provide an analysis of gross and operating
margin.

In addition, this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning
long-term earnings objectives, and should be considered in conjunction with cautionary statements
contained in our earnings release and in the company's most recent periodic SEC report. Following
prepared remarks this morning, we will turn the call over for your questions. [Operator Instructions]

Now let me turn the call over to James.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, thanks to the tremendous efforts by our
associates and our bottling partners, we executed on our key emerging stronger priorities as many parts
of the world gradually reopened. As we continued to deliver on our transformation, we are encouraged by
our results and are raising our top line, bottom line and cash flow guidance even as we are accelerating
investments for the future.

At the same time, we also recognize the trajectory may be dynamic and understand that we must remain
flexible to respond to changes in the environment. This morning, I'll provide a business update and discuss
how disciplined innovation and more effective and efficient marketing are driving broad-based share
gains and are delivering enhanced value for our system. Then I'll hand the call over to John to discuss our
financial update, including our improved outlook for the year.

Last year, in the face of a global pandemic, we laid out a path to emerge stronger from -- across 5
strategic priorities. We are delivering against those priorities, and this quarter demonstrates the power
of our system. We started 2021 with promising results. Mobility in business levels improved in the first
quarter, and this trend continued in the second.

Consumer mobility increased in markets where vaccination rates are reaching meaningful levels, and
our business has recovered as we lap last year's biggest lockdown impacts and see our strategies in
motion. Consumers have started to return to many prior routine. And as a result, our away-from-home

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

volumes steadily improved as a percent of our business this quarter, driving strong price/mix and margin
acceleration across the enterprise. However, the recovery remains asynchronous and several parts of
the world have dealt with further waves of infections, leading to delayed openings and, in some cases,
heightened restrictions.

India and Southeast Asia were our only areas that did not see sequential volume acceleration on a 2-year
basis this quarter. Despite the asynchronous recovery, our revenues and earnings in the second quarter
surpassed our 2019 results. We also made progress on share this quarter. We said many times that
gaining share is a key objective in our emerging stronger agenda. And I'm pleased to report that we have
achieved that objective with broad-based share gains across categories as well as in both our at-home and
away-from-home channels in the quarter. And importantly, despite away-from-home channels not having
fully recovered, our value share today is higher than the 2019 levels, confirming that our effective brand
building and innovation, along with our advanced revenue growth management and market execution
capabilities, are working.

So let me dive a bit deeper into the key drivers across our geographies. In Asia Pacific, China saw
continued momentum across categories driven by both volume and improved mix with Trademark Coca-
Cola. We outpaced the overall macroeconomic recovery and by strong performance in away-from-
home channels and business-to-consumer e-commerce. Australia and New Zealand were bright spots,
performing at or close to 2019 levels, but they are currently seeing renewed lockdowns.

While Japan is struggling to come out of lockdown, there have been tangible successes with consumer-
led innovation, small-pack initiatives and improved customer execution of key initiatives. As I mentioned
earlier, in India and across much of Southeast Asia, resurgence in the virus impacted further recovery. As
India's restrictions have eased a bit, we're encouraged by the level of resilience in both the business as
well as our system associates as they have navigated this resurgence.

In EMEA, Europe is still being impacted by some level of restriction. The vaccination rates and consumer
confidence are improving. Because of this and our strong bottle alignment and marketing investment,
we are seeing a much improved away-from-home mix even as at-home volumes continue to grow. Great
Britain and Russia, where mobility was at the highest, show noticeable volume outperformance relative to
2019, and sparkling soft drinks gained or maintained share in most of the top 10 markets in Europe.

Eurasia and the Middle East are performing well despite a diverse recovery landscape. In Turkey and
Pakistan, strong execution during the key Ramadan holiday and emphasis on snacking and meal occasions
drove new consumers to the Coke brand. Africa delivered a strong first half performance, with affordability
packages delivering good results despite tightened restrictions heading into the winter season and
vaccination rates that are behind the rest of the world.

In North America, the consumer environment improved through the quarter as many states lifted
restrictions and consumer mobility increased. More frequent social gatherings and rising travel and event
activity drove significantly higher demand for our brands in away-from-home channels, while at-home
volumes remained robust, leading to broad-based share gains in the quarter. Within away-from-home,
eating and drinking was the strongest performing channel with travel, hospitality and at-work trailing.

In Latin America, lockdowns eased as vaccination programs rolled out in countries such as Mexico and
Argentina and stimulus programs in Brazil and Chile also helped drive recovery. Our results and year-to-
date share gains in the region continued to be driven by commercial initiatives to improve execution as
well as a focus on affordable packs like refillables.

Costa's U.K. coffee shop revenues recovered almost entirely to 2019 levels through the reopening
phase despite ongoing capacity restrictions. Increased consumer traffic and digital momentum are also
supporting recovery as restrictions eased in other countries where we have a retail presence.

Our Bottling Investments Group faced pandemic-related challenges, particularly in India and Southeast
Asia, but managed to sequentially improve or gain share in India, Vietnam, the Philippines and South
Africa. BIG also made great progress against this growth and productivity agenda, increasing year-to-date
comparable operating margin approximately 300 basis points from the 2019 levels.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Our category teams are collaborating with a global lens, enabling us to move even faster towards our
Beverages for Life ambition. Our continuously engaging consumers around their passion points and testing
ideas in a coordinated and increasingly digital way, we’re getting even better at what we've always done
best, building loved brands around the world.

For a few examples. The Coke trademark portfolio is experiencing robust growth, led by brand Coke and
driven in part by Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, which has contributed double-digit growth in value and volume
year-to-date. The new Coca-Cola Zero Sugar recipe has already launched in nearly 50 markets across 6
of our operating units, including last week's announcement in the U.S., with more to come this year. Early
results indicate the recipe and simplified packaging design are resonating strongly with consumers.

In sparkling flavors, we’re accelerating our Zero Sugar offerings and executing global campaigns to focus
on key occasions. Sprite has done well globally, benefiting from the Let's be Clear campaign, which has led
to improved share gains. Likewise, What The Fanta mystery flavor campaign in Europe drove accelerated
growth and improved share.

Dairy remains an opportunity for the overall portfolio with premium offerings in key brands like Hollandia
drinkable yogurt and Santa Clara's flavored milk showing healthy growth. We continue to leverage fairlife's
great success in the U.S. with a recent expansion in Canada.

There are many bright spots in hydration, sports, tea and coffee. We see momentum across brands in the
U.S., including good results from our renewed focus on smartwater, a new brand bundle from Gold Peak
tea, exciting flavor innovations in Dunkin' coffee and continued growth from expanded distribution of Topo
Chico sparkling mineral water. We've had early success with Costa ready-to-drink launches in Asia with
meaningful share gains in key markets in China and was already voted a hit product in Japan.

The rapid consumer traction and attractive proposition of healthy indulgence by AHA, which began as an
intelligent local experiment in the U.S., led us to believe it can transition to be a bigger bet and travel
internationally. The recent launch in China with the local name of Little Universe has been encouraging,
with meaningful value share gains in a short period of time. We continued to build our momentum with the
launch of AHA's first 360-degree marketing campaign with a significant digital emphasis titled, Can I Get
an AHA?

Finally, last summer, we announced more exploration in the dynamic flavored alcoholic beverage category
with the launch of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. Topo Chico Hard Seltzer is now in 17 markets worldwide, and
we've authorized Molson Coors the right to produce and sell Topo Chico Hard Seltzer in the United States.

Launching a global brand in markets where the categories are at different stages of development comes
with many learnings, and our local knowledge allows us to adapt with speed to win or, in some cases,
develop this new category. From strong performance in Europe where available to top 2 position in Mexico,
to the U.S. where velocity is robust and the products has enjoyed positive consumer reaction, we are
encouraged by recent trends and are gaining valuable insights along the way.

We continue to make progress with our consumer-facing digital propositions. Internally, we were building
out our platform services organization to support the enterprise as we have a sizable opportunity to
become a holistic digital leader. Digital is of the utmost importance, and we're also building an integrated
ecosystem of platforms that create value across the digital and physical worlds.

We are partnering with our bottlers to leverage the power of the system's physical footprint online,
creating enhanced value for customers across the globe for a best-in-class eB2B platform. With pockets
of excellence in many regions, we are working with our bottling partners to evolve and streamline our
approach. Working together as a system allows us to improve distribution economics, solve unmet needs
of outlet owners and opens new revenue streams by providing other CPG brands access to our deep
customer relationships and global distribution network.

We are building a digital one-stop shop for customers, seamlessly offering most of the products they need
to stock their shelves and operate their daily business. We're also ensuring consumers get the frictionless
experience they demand with more availability and assortment of the products they need and love.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

On top of the initiatives discussed today, we also continued to work with our bottlers to embed RGM
principles and integrate execution capabilities into our processes to continue driving basket value and
incidents as the world reopens. Through enhanced execution, we have an opportunity to win with more
consumers and grow share by having the right products in the right channel at the right price, supported
by the right activations.

We also continue with our sustainability agenda to create shared value for our stakeholders and the
communities we serve. In addition to integrating ESG considerations into our daily business decisions,
during the second quarter, we released our Business & ESG Report, highlighting progress across all our
goals as well as our World Without Waste Report, which focuses exclusively on our work to create a
circular economy for our packaging materials. Highlights include the continued rollout of 100% recycled
PET with 30 markets representing approximately 30% of our total sales offering at least one brand in
100% rPET packaging. We've continued the expansion of refillables and dispense packaging and ultralight-
weighting technologies, and we delivered a 60% global collection rate for packaging in 2020.

We are proud of these achievements and we know there is more work to be done. Recently, we announced
that we've become a global implementation partner for The Ocean Cleanup's river project, supporting
the deployment of cleanup systems across 15 rivers across the world. We will embed our marketing
capabilities into this partnership to create consumer awareness of the issues and the actions we're all
taking.

Putting it all together, we realize there's a range of possible outcomes when it comes to the pandemic
in the second half of the year given the asynchronous recovery. While we overdelivered relative to our
expectations in the first half and have raised guidance for 2021, we are biased towards a growth mentality
and will invest behind this momentum going into the rest of the year. Our networked organization is
beginning to help us move faster to capture opportunities and create value for our stakeholders. As a
system, we are increasingly equipped to win, and we're excited about the future.

Now I'll turn the call over to John to discuss our second quarter results and the drivers of our updated
outlook.

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, James. This morning, I'll highlight the drivers of our second quarter performance as well as our
revised guidance. In the second quarter, we built on the momentum from the beginning of the year and
our business mix improved as consumer mobility increased across many market. Our Q2 organic revenues
was up 37% comprised of concentrate shipments, up 26% and price/mix improvement of 11% as we
lapped the biggest pandemic impacts of 2020.

Unit case growth was 18%. Our shipment outpaced unit cases in the quarter and year-to-date due to
cycling the destocking we experienced last year and certain timing impacts this year, including 5 additional
days in the first quarter.

Improvement in the away-from-home channels and positive segment mix from higher growth in our
finished goods businesses positively impacted our price/mix. Channel and package mix also affected
comparable gross margin, which showed significant improvement relative to last year, even with certain
inflationary costs like transportation coming through.

As we’ve said throughout the pandemic, our goal is to emerge stronger, and we are investing ahead of
recovery as markets reopen. As a result, we have doubled our marketing dollars year-over-year, cycling
the significant pullback from the same period last year. Even with a step-up in those investments, we
delivered a 170 basis point improvement in comparable operating margins driven by the strong top line.

Below operating income, we saw a benefit from improvement in our equity income as our bottling partners
also emerged stronger as well as reduced interest expense on a comparable basis. As a result, second
quarter comparable EPS of $0.68 was an increase of 61% year-over-year. We also delivered strong year-
to-date free cash flow of approximately $5 billion, double last year's results. Our cash flow performance
has also driven the return of our leverage to within the targeted range of 2 to 2.5x.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Since we reiterated guidance last quarter, the operating environment and our business have clearly
improved. Given the improvement year-to-date and the increased visibility, we are raising our outlook
for the full year. We now expect to deliver year-over-year organic revenue growth of 12% to 14% and
comparable EPS growth of 13% to 15% in 2021.

Our steady focus on cash generation continues to yield progress, and our updated guidance for free cash
flow of at least $9 billion implies a dividend payout ratio significantly improved from where we began the
year and is edging closer to our targeted level of 75% over the long term.

So as we think about the remainder of the year, a few things to keep in mind. The recovery phase
continues to be asynchronous, creating a dynamic demand environment, in addition to causing many parts
of the supply chain to experience tightness as a result. While experiencing some isolated pressure points,
our team is navigating the challenges well through supplier diversification and inventory management.
Despite recent upward pressures in many commodities driven by the pandemic-related disruption, we
feel good about the rest of the year. And as we anticipate hedges rolling off in 2022, we are working with
our system to take appropriate action in the back half of this year to manage the ongoing volatility using
revenue growth management capabilities and supply chain productivity levers.

With regard to marketing investment, we have 3 priorities: increase consumer-facing marketing spend
toward levels similar to 2019, improve the quality of that spend and allocate the spend in a more targeted
manner.

Our currency outlook continues to contemplate a tailwind of 1% to 2% to the top line and approximately
2% to 3% to comparable EPS in 2021 based on current spot rates and our hedge positions. That
said, the currency markets remain volatile and dependent on recovery from the pandemic as well as
macroeconomic factors. We will also have some additional timing considerations with the leveling out of
our concentrate shipments that are running a bit ahead year-to-date as well as 6 fewer days in the fourth
quarter.

To summarize, our company and our system have tackled many challenges through the pandemic,
but we are emerging stronger, thanks to the hard work of our people and the focus on our strategic
priorities. With our networked organization up and running, we're on a path to operate more efficiently
and effectively and to unlock the enormous potential we have in our brand and across our market.

As James mentioned earlier, we remain clear-eyed as we look at the rest of the year, with many markets
continuing to face obstacles, such as the spread of the COVID-19 Delta variant, but others continue to see
the benefits of reopening. Overall, we are pleased with our progress in the first half of the year, and we're
grateful for the commitment from the stakeholders across our ecosystem that contributed to our results.
With that, operator, we are ready to take questions.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So on the revenue front, in markets like the U.S. where COVID concerns have now dissipated, can you just
discuss how quickly consumer behavior is coming back? How that compares versus what you originally
expected? Presumably, it's better than expected with the raise for your top line guidance, but how that
impacts your strategy going forward. And maybe also what you see is the lasting changes in consumer
behavior in some of those markets.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Sure, Dara. Well, firstly, I'm not sure I would characterize the U.S. as past COVID. It’s certainly
moved to a phase like several other markets where there's high levels of vaccination, where the COVID,
the most serious parts of the COVID, are affecting mainly the unvaccinated as well as some of the
vulnerable. So it's not over, and we can see that in the numbers. If you just take a look for a second at
what's happened in the U.S., a couple of interesting things as it's moved into this reopening phase.

Firstly, consumers, as we've talked before on these calls, we've always believed that humans are social
creatures and that once the restrictions come down and the panorama of the virus allows people with
confidence to go out that they will go back out to all of the away-from-home channels. They want to be
social and they will go after the experiences. And this you can see very much beginning to happen in the
second quarter.

So if we look at our away-from-home channels, you can obviously see large rebounds compared to the
second quarter last year, which is obviously logical given how much they fell last year. But they have not
yet all reached the levels of 2019. You can take a couple of channels like QSR, which was one of the ones
that went down least last year as they pushed delivery, as they pushed pickup and closed the in-room
dinings. Those channels, even though many QSRs have still not yet fully reopened in restaurant dining,
they have bounced back and are back kind of at or above 2019 levels.

So for example, QSR did well and they're doing very well now. Whereas, if you take channels like bars
and taverns, they went down by about 3 quarters -- last -- Q2 last year. Now of course, they've reopened.
People have flocked back, and they have gone up by 200-odd percent, but that still means they're not
back to 2019 levels. And you can go through the various away-from-home channels.

Obviously, travel and transportation are very like [ bars ]. So people who had a good second quarter last
year have generally held on or expanded on those gains in this 2021. And some which have bounced back
are still not there, in part because COVID restrictions are still not fully gone and confidence is still not fully
back.

But interestingly, and I think positively, from The Coca-Cola Company's point of view, if you look at the
at-home channels, those that -- those gains or those -- that extra consumer interaction with brands and
products at-home over the last 15 months has created some new behaviors and engagement with brands
that may well be enduring. So it's quite possible that, over time, we will both regain the away-from-home
business that we had before and hang on to some of the gains in the at-home. I mean you can look at
e-commerce, which was the poster child for growth in Q2 last year, which grew exponentially. That has
basically stabilized, grown a little bit this year. So they've held on to a step-up. But you can also see that
in some of the large stores, which obviously did well last year. They continued to grow this year. So you're
getting growth on growth. And even the small stores that were impacted last year are bouncing back.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

So net-net, you look at the U.S., you see an enduring resilience in the step-up of the at-home business
and a rebound in the away-from-home business that is in progress but not yet complete, and I think that's
what's driving the business. And that pattern, I think, is very visible if you look around other countries
at like stages of development in the COVID trajectory. In other words, restrictions are coming down and
there's a high percentage of the population vaccinated and, therefore, big reopening, whether it's the U.K.
or other places going into Europe.

Operator

Your next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

John, you offered definitely some perspective on the bigger picture profitability. And I know this quarter
was kind of a new high watermark on operating margins. But I was curious, if you think about the full
year, and frankly, even into '22, how you're thinking about the ability to better leverage your sales growth
as a result of some of the restructuring work that you've been doing, but also, in the vein of this, come
out stronger, and what you've been able to achieve already and think you'll still be able to achieve in
terms of changing package mix and premiumization. So again, it's sort of a longer-term margin question
with the awareness that perhaps this quarter is more timing than something directly related to my
question.

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Lauren. And you're right, it would take the rest of the call to explain all that happened in the
quarter, so I'll spare you. But let's take a step back, and I think it's first -- the first part to your question --
or the first part of the answer is, let's think about the 2-year picture.

In 2020, we saw -- at the gross margin line, we saw expansion driven primarily by a significant scale-
back of our operating costs and marketing investments, even despite there being also some gross margin
compression in the same period. In 2021, we are pleased with the progress year-to-date on getting gross
margins back to where we would like them to be. And I think we'll continue to see us get back close to
2019 levels by the end of the year. But we're also -- as James highlighted in his -- in the script, we're also
very focused on investing in our brands, in our key markets for the future. We've seen a good step-up
already year-to-date, and we continue to have that as a major priority for the second half of the year.

So in a nutshell, if you take the 2-year picture, you're going to see -- on the operating margin front, you'll
see 2021 is -- there will be some compression versus 2020 just given the nature of what I've just said,
gross margins getting back, not quite there, significant focus on reinvesting back into the business for the
mid to long term. But the good news, I think, by the end of this year, '21, will be better than 2019. So
that's first, part one.

Part two is if you look at '22 onwards, we've talked about our flywheel driving the business from the top
line through a much stronger marketing and innovation agenda to support the streamlined portfolio of
brands that we now are focused on. We've talked about innovation as being a continued driver of growth
in the future. And that all wraps into execution in the marketplace with our bottling partners and through a
variety of levers, and not the least of which is our RGM lever.

So going into '22, '23, '24, the goal is the same as it has been, it's to continue to be hyper-focused on
improving our overall margin equation. And Q2 was a good shot in the arm for us to continue on that path.

Operator

Our next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

I was -- James, I was hoping you can talk a little bit about Wabi and the fact that you're rolling out to
more countries. Maybe if you could just give us some context on where exactly you're rolling it out. And
what have you seen from that initiative from a data standpoint? Because I know you guys can get direct
access to that, whereas maybe some other direct-to-consumer platforms, you won't get that data. And if
it's something that you think could work in the U.S. market.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Wabi is a set of features in a digital ecosystem that allow us to both do direct to consumer, and I'll
come back to it specifically how, and to do B2B, both or either for just the beverages or for multi-category
orders. Now predominantly, where we're using Wabi in partnership with our bottlers is more in the B2B
space. We have done some experiments doing B2C. But in the case of Wabi, the model that was used,
which is very appropriate in Latin America, where you have a very high density of mom-and-pop stores,
essentially, the consumer uses the Wabi app to place an order.

If they want to have a whole set of Cokes and Fantas and Sprites or whatever, that order goes into the
app, and the app then shops the order to the mom-and-pops that are nearest to the consumer and they
can accept that order, much like a ride-hailing service. And given that they're likely to be 50, 100, 200
meters from the consumer in these high-density cities, they will just run round the product and deliver it
in a very short space of time, 15, 20 minutes or less.

And so it is very interesting. And we've actually also used it -- used that platform with some of the QSR
restaurants in places like Argentina to do the same thing. So it's an interesting experiment. We're getting
a lot of insights and data. We have also expanded on the B2C place to actually add other categories of
other FMCG partners. So now you can place an order at the mom-and-pop for a whole series of categories,
not just beverages. So getting lots of interesting data and insights on that.

The other thing that we're doing with B2B with a number of the bottlers is using it to accelerate the
digitization of one part of the relationship, particularly with the fragmented trade, whether it would be
mom-and-pops or restaurants and cafes around the world, which is, of course, now that the rollout of
smartphones and smart devices everywhere is expanding, you don't necessarily need the salesperson to
turn up at the store in order to capture an order. And so we're blending the use of the sales force to do --
drive account development and drive all the in-store activations that we know create impulse purchases
and give us advantaged execution, but leverage the platforms to drive order taking. And again, we're
getting a lot of learnings with the bottler on how that improves not just efficiency, but just as importantly,
the effectiveness of the selling and the execution process.

Again, there are -- depending on where you are in the world, sometimes that's just a beverage approach.
But we've also got some experiments where it's a multi-category approach through the platform, and links
to either wholesalers who deliver either all or the non-beverage categories, et cetera.

Anyway, standing back, the net of it is, we continue to see the ongoing digitization of the interaction,
both at the consumer with the retailer and the retailer with the suppliers. And we think the Coke system
globally, with our bottling partners, is in a tremendous position to expand our -- the depth of our
relationship with the retailers. And we are being open-minded as to exactly what form that takes and
working with them to drive a whole set of experiments to see what works. More to come.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

So I think it is -- just a follow-up to Lauren's question earlier around margins. And just two items, John, if
you can provide. One is just in terms of marketing for this year, I think I heard, the way I read it was that
you've actually increased the spend or plan to increase the spend now more versus, I guess, what was
in your original plan. And then the second is, I don't know if I missed it, but just can you give us kind of

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

where we stand today in terms of how much of the savings from the reorganization have been captured?
And how much more there is to go?

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Bryan. Yes, on the first part, I think, again, looking at the year-to-date, I think we saw a big
rebound in the second quarter. We're doubling our spend on consumer-facing activities. And for the rest of
the year, with an eye to both delivering the year, but also being well prepared for '22, we have a very, very
robust investment agenda that will see us getting back to 2019 levels. And that's just comparing dollars.

When you look under the hood, though, I think one of the big changes we've made in recent months is
to improve the quality of that spend. And so my -- working with [ Manolo ], our objective is to be able to
actually generate more with the same and we're pleased with progress that we're making in that space,
particularly as you think about some of the newer areas, digital media, et cetera.

Regarding the savings, it's a piece of the overall equation. And I think, for me, rather than provide hard
numbers, it’s -- it gives us a degree of flexibility to invest behind some of the bigger bets, to think about
our ongoing ability to pivot as market conditions dictate. And so it's really less around taking those savings
to the bottom line and much more around having to flex to be well positioned to go after opportunities as
we see them.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

James, I don't know, maybe John wants to answer, too, but following up on where you started with Dara
and panning out globally, the updated guidance from today seems to call for a further acceleration in
underlying growth on a 2-year basis in the back half versus '19, especially at the top end of the range.
And I guess, I'm curious where you see that most being sourced from a segment perspective, but also
whether you have a bias as to that acceleration and sequential improvement being more volume-led
versus '19, or price/mix-led as the system fights through inflation, or whether you see that as a bit of
both. Just how you're thinking about the mix of revenue in the back half.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Sure. So our expectations for the year, obviously, we said we wanted to get back to 2019 levels,
and we made good progress. And we believe we're emerging stronger, and we're obviously raising the
guidance. As we look into the back half of the year, as John said, we're being clear-eyed about the puts
and takes that exist out there. I think the first thing I would suggest to you is really take a look at the
2021, whether it's -- whichever quarter you want to look at and have it on a 2-year stack basis, whether
that be the volume or the price/mix. Obviously, you've got to look through the stocking and destocking
of the gallons because, obviously, this time last year, we were destocking gallons rapidly. And then
notwithstanding the extra days in the first quarter, we've been restocking gallons in this second quarter.

But if you look at volume and price/mix on a 2-year basis, what we're expecting to see is, yes, some
continued improvement into the back half of the year on a 2-year stacked volume basis as more countries
get more vaccinations done and more restrictions come off. Clearly, there's plenty of room for different
things to happen, the famous asynchronization, because markets go up and markets go down. But
generally speaking, we expect to see steady -- some steady, although very moderate, sequential
improvements on a 2-year basis.

And similarly, on a price/mix basis, we're looking -- actually, we start looking at price/mix on a 2-year
basis in Q2, you see it in the sort of ballpark we've always talked about. We've always talked about it in
the long-term growth model, that we're kind of expecting 2 to 3 on price on any average year. And when
you start looking on an annual -- on a 2-year basis, so taking the annual increase, you start to see that
Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

in the second quarter. And so our expectations of price/mix are not to see something radically different,
notwithstanding the 11% you saw in the second quarter. Clearly, it's not going to continue at 11% because
it's cycling a much more negative number in Q2 last year, which is heavily driven by package and channel
mix. But once you look through all of that, we, in underlying terms, essentially maintaining the same
approach that we have had historically pre-COVID during this kind of reopening.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I actually had a question on your guidance. You raised your full year outlook given the strength you
saw in the quarter, but you didn't flow through the entire beat, especially on the bottom line, given your
new guidance now suggests EPS growth in the second half will be negative. So I was really hoping to
understand the drivers behind this. Is it cost pressures that might have gotten worse in the last few
months versus the planned stepped-up investments that you called out ahead of the recovery?

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Bonnie. A couple of comments there. One is, the first half of the year, we saw gallons ahead of
cases, which we would expect to normalize in the second half of the year. So I think you've got to factor
that into account. Secondly, the first quarter, we had a few extra days, and they will come off in the fourth
quarter. So that's a big piece of the equation that we've designed for the full year. And then secondly, as
we've already discussed, in the investment space, too, where we would love to sort of end the full year
with our marketing investments continuing to step up and margins back to better than '19, but not as
strong as '20, so that's all factored in.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Can you -- just maybe oversimplifying it, but can you maybe help us -- your business has changed a bit
in recent years, and maybe if you could just help us with what operating leverage looks like. Does a 5%
revenue mean a 7% profit growth? Does 6% revenue mean 10%? Can you just give us an idea where the
leverage lives down the P&L?

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'd say that -- I'd refer us back to our long-term algorithm. We're managing to, as we've been
discussing, a very, very interesting period. We still think that the -- when you take all the puts and takes
with the businesses that we have at the moment that the long-term algorithm is still one that best reflects
what we can deliver over the coming years. Now clearly, if the business mix changes, we would need to
review that. But I think the -- I'd just refer you back to the algorithm, and we don't see that changing in
the foreseeable future.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So I just wanted to go back to the -- how the on-premise has been tracking as you will exit the quarter.
So I was hoping to see if you can -- it sounds -- James, it sounds that you're confident that we're seeing

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

that lapping and, obviously, looking at the U.S. as an example, as you mentioned, you were quite
confident that, worldwide, we're going to see that adding to the recovery and adding to the on -- at-home
consumption. So I was hoping to see how you exit the quarter in places where infections have come back
on a global basis. And how can you quantify how volumes sit relative to 2019 levels? I think you called
out, in developed, coming back to the same levels, but -- and how your mix, in terms of finished goods
and single-serve, is relative to the 2019?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. I'll try and offer a few thoughts that might help. Clearly, when countries have gone -- when
infections go up and greater restrictions have come back in during the course of the second quarter,
you do see negative impacts on the business. Now over the last 15 months, we have worked very hard
to make our business more adaptable and more agile and able to pivot in the restrictions to help the
consumers get the beverages they love, but often, in the very short term, it impacts the business.

So if you look at places where infections have spiked up recently in the second quarter, so Vietnam went
into some restrictions. They've done a good job of avoiding large restrictions. And so they were doing fine
the first few months of the year. And then all of a sudden, they've had some restrictions, and they were
negative in June. Similarly, India, earlier in the quarter, brought in a strong set of restrictions and the
business went negative. But then when they reopened, they bounced back.

So clearly, whilst we have adapted the business and made it more resilient to levels of lockdown, when
these do occur, wherever they do occur around the world, it's going to impact the business. We're going to
bounce back quicker, and we're going to suffer less, but it is going to impact the business. And so as you
think about the outlook, clearly, the direction of travel of COVID, its variants, the levels of infections and
the levels of restrictions are going to make a difference to the business.

And then as it relates to immediate consumption and future consumption, if I look on a worldwide basis
and I look on a 2-year stack rate, what you can see is that now we have steadily improved through the
course of the pandemic such that the immediate consumption of volumes are now slightly ahead of 2019
levels as we exited the second quarter in June. So -- and as I said in the opening or in the reflections on
that first question from Dara on the U.S., that has not been followed by a mirror-image decline in the
at-home. Clearly, some of the at-home on a 2-year stack basis goes down because people are now out
and about and at work. And so you now see the 2 of them tracking -- you see the at-home tracking at
the 2019 levels as well. So that's why we feel that there's some sequential improvement coming in the
downhill, moderate but some.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein with Evercore.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. Can you please talk maybe a little bit more about headline pricing and promo intensity? I think
I heard you say that, in Q2, your pricing was sort of at historical levels of 2% to 3%. I also heard you
say that in the second half of the year, you would look to address higher input costs with revenue growth
management initiatives. So maybe kind of talk about your thoughts on pricing in an environment where
we've seen more inflation than we have in many years, and how able the consumer is in your key
geographies to be able to take additional prices?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So clearly, obviously, the comments I made about pricing are on the 2-year stack basis and that we
kind of see -- when one takes out the effects of channel and geography, what you would see, if you had all
the data, but what I'm saying is that, over the course of the pandemic, we have taken a steady approach
to pricing to continue to price for our brand strength and RGM.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

And then, of course, we manage input costs increases over time and we use our hedging strategies to not
have -- to try and minimize the amount of sudden bumps. Because our overall belief is that, if we focus
on creating the growth of the beverage category for our retail customers ahead of their overall business,
then that will be good for them and that we will do and gain share within that overall strategy. And that
is best executed through steady investment in brands, steady investment in execution and the use of
RGM to meet the consumer with the pack size and the price point that they want. And that includes then
managing through the increases in input costs in a rational and staged way, and we obviously leverage
hedging to make that easier for us to do. And so we do believe that categories or those people who
have brands that have strong consumer resonance will be able to pass through costs, as we have done
historically.

We've -- whilst in the U.S., inflation has been very moderate for an extended period of time, as it has been
in Europe, we have plenty other countries in the world, which experienced high or double-digit levels of
inflation. And so the strategy on how to manage through that and stay engaged with the consumer to
keep the momentum in the business and keep the margin structure steady or improving is a capability of
the Coke system.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Carlos Laboy with HSBC.

Carlos Alberto Laboy
HSBC, Research Division

James, about 3 to 4 years ago, you said you wanted more robust experimentation, small experiments
become big experiments, drive collaboration and revenues, and we see this thriving in Latin America. But
might you share with us, perhaps in some developed markets where we don't have as clear line of sight,
how this is coming along? And maybe are there some wins that really stand out in this area?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Thanks, Carlos. I mean we continue to drive the collaborations and the innovations. If I just pick up
a few of the ones that we've sort of elliptically connected to today, Wabi, which started in Latin America
both as B2C and B2B, we have used the platform to work with our bottlers in other parts of the world,
whether that be Europe or beyond, on helping us work together to improve the digitization and the B2B
capability beyond this. So you're seeing expansions of those experiments out of Latin America.

You'll see expansions of experiments in the U.S., whether it be AHA, which has continued to perform very
well in the U.S. so far this year. We've launched that in China. Or in fairlife, which has done very well in
the U.S., we're taking that to China as well. And so there's some kind of moving from the west to the east.

You've got experiments that were taking place on Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, which kind of started in a way
as a global idea. It's now in each of the continents, and we've continued to expand it. There are some
things going on in Asia, in the kind of nonblack tea segments, where we experimented in some of the
ASEAN countries, and it's expanding around.

So there really are some great experiments out there. You could even go to some of the packaging ones
like the use of rPET, 100% recycled PET, which is really a key factor in driving a circular economy around
packaging materials, started really in Europe, coming to the U.S. recently with the 13-ounce bottle that we
put into the marketplace.

So we're never satisfied, as a kind of a philosophical starting point, but they're certainly starting to see
more experiments happen out there and more discipline in working -- which aren't working and stopping
them and which have legs to be taken to the next place. And interestingly, you're starting to see those
experiments move in all directions. It's not just developed to developing or west to east or any one
direction. It's actually really starting to be ideas coming from all around the world and really having to go
through and work out which ones deserve the shot at expanding globally.

John Murphy
Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Executive VP & CFO

And if I may, James, I think, in the supply chain, also, there’s, over the last 12 to 18 months, a
tremendous amount of partnership collaboration that is delivering results in the individual entities across
the world that I think will continue.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. A question for James, just picking up on the last line of questioning there around innovation. My
question specifically for hard seltzers and some of the early success that you've had there. So James, you
mentioned some of the early learnings. I was hoping you could perhaps share those with us, particularly
as it pertains to the seltzer category. And then, more broadly, James, whether the success that you've had
in the alcohol space emboldens the company a bit for further exploration in alcohol sort of outside non-alc.
Your comments there would be helpful.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Sure. So we're still very much in the learning phase. It's not a category we are familiar with,
particularly with the alcohol. It's got a number of important characteristics and regulatory characteristics
and business characteristics that we need to learn about. So we have not got to a stage of concluding
anything more strategic or coming to the point of view that there is a bigger vision for us out there in the
flavored alcoholic beverage space. We want to learn and understand more before we decide anything, one
direction or the other.

As it relates to some of the learnings so far, I mean, clearly, what we've discovered is, obviously, it makes
a difference if the category exists or doesn't exist in any particular country. I mean we're in 17 markets
to date. We're on track to be in 28 markets around the world by the end of the year. We're learning what
it takes to compete where the category exists. We're learning what it takes to help grow the category
where it doesn't exist. So we're pleased, for example, in Latin America, where, for example, in Mexico,
we're the #2 hard seltzer. And getting some good traction and good velocity in Brazil where it's more of
an undeveloped category, there's more kind of development needed, and so we're trying to work out how
that happens. Similarly, in Europe, it's the #1 or 2 performer in terms of rates and velocity in Europe. And
so I think it's very interesting what's happening there.

And obviously, in the U.S., it's got a lot of good traction. While it's still, of course, relatively small overall
nationally, it's done particularly well where we have focused, or where Molson is focused to launch, which
is in Texas. And it's done very well in Texas, looking good in kind of the southern states, California, in
Florida, too. Retail customers, we understand they're very bullish, lots of display activity and activity. So
we're looking to see that continue to expand.

Of course, we're conscious that the overall hard seltzer category has come down in terms of its overall
growth rates in the U.S. That's not ultimately that big of a surprise to us because it is a category that has
been predominantly an at-home channel category, much less bars and restaurants category. And so as
people have gone back out, clearly, some of those occasions have moved from at-home to away-from-
home. So it's not too surprising that some of the strong tailwinds the category got -- in the lockdowns,
have lessened. But we still think it's very interesting. It's got some long-term potential in the U.S. It's very
on-trend for a lot of consumers. And so we're continuing to look at that and push on that and invest to see
where we can go.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Sean King with UBS.

Sean King;UBS;Analyst

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Great. How do you stand to benefit from the Olympics starting later this week, really, given a pandemic-
driven disruption around the world? Can you shed any light on any marketing activation plans or just a
general outlook on this opportunity given the pent-up sort of excitement for this type of event?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I mean in terms of -- kind of 2 ways of looking at it. One, those countries where the Olympics
are broadcast too and then the actual activations in Japan itself. I mean clearly, in Japan, given the
restrictions, we have dialed back all the physical activations and are supporting appropriately, keeping
supply of beverages to the athletes, et cetera. But the physical activation is essentially not going to
happen.

And then -- and so really, it’s -- as much as anything, it's about leveraging the airtime that the Olympics
are going to get in places like the U.S. to market our programs. But very specific marketing activation at a
large scale isn't going to happen, in part, it was like the uncertainty of whether they were going to happen
or not led us to move away from having any large extra fixed cost investment in activating the market, the
Olympics for this year. So we will leverage the airtime to market our brands.

You can still note -- even today, the deputy -- one of the people in Tokyo said that, Who knows what's
going to happen, whether it will actually start. So we very much are taking the approach of take away the
physical activation, take away any fixed cost that can only be used in the event of the Olympics and use
any rights and times we have for the general marketing of our brands.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.

Laurent Grandet;Guggenheim;Analyst

Got a question on Coca-Cola Zero, please. You highlighted in your prepared remarks the relaunch of
Coca-Cola Zero with new packaging and recipe boost further to Coke regular. So in countries where it
has already been launched, is the volume upside you are seeing coming from regular actually or diets or
competition? So any color would help.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Laurent. I mean we're -- obviously, the answer is it depends in a way because each country has a
slightly different mix from the starting point of Zero or depending if you're in a country that still got Diet
or Light and the size of Classic. And so the starting point matters.

Two, clearly, it's a mix of everything. What we like most about driving Coke Zero Sugar is we get a lot
of business that is not self-cannibalization. If it was all just coming from Coke and Coke Light, it would
be perhaps necessary, but not very exciting. What's exciting about it is that we are helping expand the
Coke franchise. In other words, if you start standing back and looking at it globally, you can see both the
growth of Coke original, the very fast Coke -- growth of Coke Zero, only some of which is coming from
the cannibalization of Coke Light or Diet Coke, depending on wherever you are in the world. So it's a net
accretion to the Coke franchise.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call
back over to James Quincey for any closing remarks.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Thanks very much, everyone. As we said at the beginning, look, we're delivering on the priorities we set
out for ourselves to emerge stronger. Hopefully, you could see that in both the results and our guidance.
And we just want to take the opportunity to thank once again the extraordinary effort of our associates,

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

of our bottling partners and all our partners that have allowed us to deliver these results and to raise our
guidance for the outlook.

Our system is strong. Our bottling partners are strong. We continue to invest behind momentum and the
huge growth opportunity ahead of us. Thanks for your interest, your investment and for joining us today.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 21, 2021

Copyright © 2022 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2022 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

