The Clorox Company NYSE:CLX
FQ1 2022 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Monday, November 01, 2021 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.31

1.01

Revenue  (mm)

1908.30

1697.01

18.63

6.42

7.62

5.52

7452.00

7031.07

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2021 5:19 AM GMT

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.25

1.75

1.46

1.31

3.22

2.03

1.62

0.95

43.11 %

16.00 %

10.96 %

(27.48 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2022 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2022 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Presentation

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Hello, everyone. This is Lisah Burhan, Clorox' Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you for your
interest in our quarterly earnings results. In conjunction with this recording, please review our earnings
release, which can be found on thecloroxcompany.com in the Investor Quarterly Results section.

The following prerecorded remarks from CEO, Linda Rendle; and CFO, Kevin Jacobsen, include forward-
looking statements that are based on management's current expectations but may differ from actual
results or outcomes. In addition, these remarks refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer
to today's earnings release, which identifies various factors that could affect forward-looking statements
and provides information that reconciles non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable
GAAP measures. The Risk Factors section of the company's Form 10-K also includes further discussion of
our forward-looking statements.

Thank you. And I'll now turn it over to CEO, Linda Rendle.

Linda Rendle
CEO & Director

Hello, everyone. Thank you for taking the time to listen to our perspectives on Q1 fiscal year '22 results.
We delivered solid results in our first quarter, fueled by stronger-than-expected demand for our products
in the face of a volatile and challenging environment. Net sales in the first quarter decreased 6% against
a very strong comparable quarter last year when we delivered sales growth of 27%. On a 2-year stack
basis, sales increased 21%. Gross margin came in at 37%, reflecting significant cost inflation. Adjusted
EPS decreased 54% to $1.21.

During the quarter, we continued to make progress executing our key priorities for the year, including
managing inflationary headwinds through productivity improvements and pricing, improving supply,
investing in our brands and driving innovation, all while advancing our ESG goals. While we expect the
operating environment to remain challenging and volatile and face incremental cost headwinds, we're
confident that our plans to rebuild margin, coupled with the advancement of our IGNITE Strategy, will
enable us to deliver long-term value creation. With that as a backdrop, I'll share an update on some of the
trends we saw in the quarter and our current expectations for the remainder of the fiscal year.

Demand in the first quarter was better than we anticipated across most of our portfolio, driven primarily
by the impact of the COVID-19 Delta variant and successful back-to-school merchandising, particularly
for cleaning and water filtration. We have made significant progress restoring supply in the quarter,
contributing to share improvements in the majority of our portfolio, with double-digit gains in Clorox
Disinfecting Wipes and Brita as well as increases in our Glad, Hidden Valley, Kingsford and RenewLife
businesses.

On the cost side, we continue to see significant headwinds which impacted our margins. We continue to
address these pressures head on through multiple levers, including our hallmark cost savings program
and pricing actions. We're on track to implement price increases on 50% of our portfolio, most of which
will take effect in November. We're also planning additional pricing actions through the end of fiscal '22,
resulting in increases to about 70% of our portfolio. Importantly, we continue to anticipate gross margin
expansion in our fourth quarter.

As we address these cost headwinds, we're also prioritizing strong investments behind our brands
through innovation and high ROI advertising to drive differentiation and capitalize on the strong loyalty
we've built to drive growth. As a result, elasticities have improved, and our household penetration and
consumer loyalty remain strong across our portfolio, with higher repeat purchase rates and retained
buyers compared to pre-pandemic levels.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2022 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

For example, double-digit increases in back-to-school marketing spend contributed to strong consumption
across Clorox-branded products, particularly wipes as well as double-digit sales growth for Brita. Also,
as retail foot traffic started to increase, we leaned in with early investments behind Burt's Bees lip care,
driving double-digit sales growth in Natural Personal Care.

In addition, we're excited about this fiscal year's innovation program, including Fresh Step Outstretch,
Kingsford Signature flavor pellets and Neocell collagen powders and gummies, with more new products to
come in the back half. We also continue to see strength from recent innovations, including Clorox Fabric
Sanitizer, Glad with Clorox and Fresh Step with Gain.

Importantly, with ESG integrated into our IGNITE Strategy, we continue to focus on making progress
against our goals. Our team achieved an important milestone with the approval of our science-based
targets putting us on path for net zero emissions across scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2050.

As we think about the balance of the year, our Q1 performance plus the additional actions we're taking
put us on track to meet our fiscal '22 outlook. Clearly, the cost environment is more challenging than we
projected in August, and consumer demand remains difficult to predict as pandemic conditions evolve.
That said, we feel confident in our ability to execute our pricing and productivity plans to mitigate these
pressures and grow margin in Q4. From a top line perspective, we are maintaining our outlook given the
volatile environment and continue to expect to be in the lower end of our long-term sales growth target in
the back half of the fiscal year.

In summary, accelerating our performance and long-term shareholder value is at the core of our strategy.
There is no doubt we will continue to face a volatile and challenging environment with elevated cost
pressures, consumer demand uncertainty and supply chain disruption. However, based on the actions
we've taken, we're facing these headwinds from a position of strength. Strong investments behind our
portfolio have led to superior consumer value of our brands which is evident in continued strength in
household penetration, consumer loyalty and improved elasticities, all of which support our efforts to
rebuild profitable growth over time.

We have a portfolio of leading brands with long-term macro tailwinds supported by strong demand-
building investments that we are confident will drive growth. We also believe our investments to accelerate
our digital transformation will position us well longer term by strengthening our supply chain, digital
commerce, innovation and brand-building efforts.

I'd like to thank my Clorox teammates around the world for their continued dedication to living our
purpose and serving our consumers, customers and communities around the world. Thank you for your
time today. I invite you to listen to our live question-and-answer webcast, which will begin at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern Time today and will be available for replay on our website.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We're pleased with our first quarter performance with higher-
than-expected consumer demand across our portfolio in the face of a challenging operating environment.
Importantly, we grew or held market share across the vast majority of our portfolio, with double-digit
increases for Clorox disinfecting wipes and Brita water filters. While we continue to operate in a volatile
environment, including significant cost headwinds, we are taking appropriate mitigating actions as we
continue to invest in our IGNITE Strategy in support of driving long-term value creation.

Now turning to our first quarter results. First quarter net sales decreased 6% compared to 27% growth
in the year ago quarter, delivering a 2-year stack of 21%. Our net sales results reflect a 2-point decline
in volume, 3 points of unfavorable price mix and 1 point of unfavorable foreign currencies. Although the
impact of pricing was positive, it was more than offset by unfavorable mix primarily in our health and
wellness segment as continued supply improvements resulted in a return to more normalized product
assortment, including the reintroduction of value packs and a return to merchandising. On an organic
basis, first quarter sales declined 5%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2022 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Gross margin for the quarter decreased 1,090 basis points to 37% compared to a record gross margin of
48% in the year ago quarter, when we benefited from 400 basis points of favorable operating leverage.
First quarter gross margin was driven primarily by significantly higher cost headwinds, including 550 basis
points of higher commodity costs and 470 basis points of higher manufacturing and logistics costs. Gross
margin results also included 260 basis points of unfavorable mix. These factors were partially offset by the
benefit of 90 basis points of cost savings.

Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales came in at 13% compared to 12% in the
year ago quarter, reflecting strategic investments in the long-term enhancements to our digital capabilities
and productivity initiatives that we discussed last quarter. Advertising and sales promotion investment
levels as a percentage of net sales came in at about 10% compared to 9% in the year ago quarter, with
U.S. retail spending at about 11%.

Our first quarter effective tax rate was 23% versus 21% in the year ago quarter. The prior period tax rate
of 21% was primarily due to the benefit from a nontaxable portion of the remeasurement gain recognized
on our previously held stake in our Saudi joint venture. Net of these factors, adjusted earnings per share
for the first quarter came in at $1.21 versus $2.63 in the year-ago quarter, a decline of 54%.

As we noted in our press release, adjusted EPS excludes $0.07 of impact related to the strategic
investments we spoke about. As you saw in our earnings release, net cash provided by operations was
$41 million versus $383 million in the year ago quarter, a decrease of 89%, primarily driven by lower first
quarter earnings and higher working capital.

Now turning to our FY '22 outlook. As Linda mentioned, we're holding our fiscal year '22 outlook. We're
pleased with the strength of our first quarter top line, which was better than our previous assumptions.
Importantly, we feel good about our demand-building plans to support our return to the low end of our
long-term net sales growth target in the back half of the fiscal year. At the same time, we're facing an
even tougher cost environment than previously expected. We have strong cost mitigation plans in place,
and we plan to take additional actions, including more pricing, resulting in increases to about 70% of our
portfolio.

Of course, we continue to operate in a challenging environment that is difficult to predict, which could
impact our full year outlook. We continue to anticipate fiscal year net sales to be down 2% to 6%,
reflecting ongoing demand moderation in the front half of the fiscal year, in addition to unfavorable price
mix as we move to a more normalized supply and promotional environment.

We assume these factors will be partially offset by pricing actions we're taking broadly across our portfolio.
Based on the stronger-than-expected start of the fiscal year, we now expect front half net sales to decline
high single digits as we lap 27% growth in the front half of fiscal year '21, recognizing some degree of
timing from the over delivery in the first quarter. As I just mentioned, we continue to expect to return to
the lower end of our long-term sales growth target in the back half of the fiscal year. On an organic basis,
we also continue to expect full year sales to be down 2% to 6%.

We continue to expect fiscal year gross margin to be down 300 to 400 basis points. While we're holding
our gross margin outlook, this does reflect our expectation for increased cost headwinds, primarily in resin
and transportation. We continue to expect resin cost to moderate in the back half of the year, although
later than our previous assumptions due to the impacts from Hurricane Ida. Additionally, we now project
transportation costs will remain elevated for the majority of the fiscal year due to the ongoing imbalance
of supply and demand in this market.

As a result, we're raising our expected cost increases in commodities and transportation to be about $350
million versus our previous assumption of about $300 million. We continue to expect these headwinds to
be more pronounced in the front half of the fiscal year. Importantly, we continue to expect gross margin
improvements in the back half of the fiscal year with a return to gross margin expansion in the fourth
quarter.

This is based on our assumption that commodity costs will begin to moderate, and we'll see the benefits
from our mitigating actions, including additional pricing, flow more fully through our P&L. We continue to

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2022 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

expect fiscal selling and administrative expenses to be about 15% of net sales, which includes about 1
point of impact related to our investments to enhance our digital capabilities.

We continue to anticipate fiscal year advertising spending to be about 10% of net sales, reflecting our
ongoing commitment to invest behind our brands and build market share. We continue to expect our fiscal
year tax rate to be about 22% to 23%. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects lapping several
onetime benefits in the prior fiscal year. Net of these factors, we continue to anticipate fiscal year adjusted
EPS to be between $5.40 to $5.70, a decrease between 26% to 21%.

As I mentioned earlier, we continue to operate in a volatile environment with significant cost headwinds
that we believe will persist longer than our previous assumptions. We believe the actions we're taking
to address these headwinds will keep us on track to begin rebuilding margins in the fourth quarter and
deliver our fiscal year '22 outlook.
As we manage through these near-term challenges, we are continuing to invest strongly in our brands,
particularly behind a robust innovation program and our efforts to engage consumers to build lifetime
loyalty to our brands. Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ1 2022 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 01, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

