The Gap, Inc. NYSE:GPS
FQ1 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, May 27, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2022-

-FQ2 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.08)

0.48

Revenue  (mm)

3474.79

3991.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-25-2021 10:02 AM GMT

NM

14.86

0.43

1.36

1.94

3878.78

16229.86

16784.19

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

CONSENSUS

(0.40)

0.33

0.18

(0.08)

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.01)

0.25

0.28

0.48

SURPRISE

NM

(24.24 %)

55.56 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Steve Austenfeld
Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Securities, Research Division

Marni Shapiro
The Retail Tracker

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Sarah L. Goldberg
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Justin, and I will be your conference operator today. At
this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Gap, Inc. First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

I would now like to introduce your host, Stephen Austenfeld. Please go ahead.

Steve Austenfeld
Head of Investor Relations

Thanks, Justin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Welcome to Gap, Inc.'s First
Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.

Before we begin, I'd just like to remind you that the information made available on this webcast and
earnings call contains forward-looking information. For information on factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements as well as a description and reconciliation
of any financial measures not consistent with generally accepted accounting principles, please refer to
Page 2 of the slides provided today shown on the Investors section of our website, gapinc.com, which
supplement today's remarks as well as today's earnings release, the company's annual report on Form 10-
K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021, and any subsequent filings with the SEC, all of which are available
on gapinc.com. These forward-looking statements are based on information as of today, May 27, 2021,
and we assume no obligation to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements.

So joining me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Sonia Syngal; and Chief Financial Officer,
Katrina O'Connell. So with that, I'll turn it over to Katrina.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Steve, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We're very pleased with our first quarter
results and especially pleased that our performance is giving us confidence to raise our full year outlook on
sales, operating margin and earnings per share.

Our 4 purpose-led billion-dollar lifestyle brands are competing well, gaining share and expanding gross
margins, driven by strong product and creative execution and digital dominance. And we're making
progress on our transformation initiatives that are critical to our goal of growing sales profitably and
expanding operating margins. We're optimistic that the consumer will remain strong, particularly in
the U.S. and that our iconic brands, well-located stores and digital advantage will remain relevant as
consumers transition back to work and school. And while our business did benefit from stimulus spending
in Q1 as well as a faster recovery due to accelerated vaccine deployment, we're very pleased with the way
we leveraged our competitive advantages, our brands, our portfolio and our platform to win this quarter.

With that, let me share a few highlights from the quarter that demonstrate our continued progress against
our Power Plan 2023 strategy, starting with delivering sales growth.

First, our revenue grew 8% versus 2019. We're pleased with this strong performance, recognizing it
includes nearly 5 points of impact from our strategic North America store closure plan over that time
period as well as roughly 2 points of impact from COVID-related store closures outside of the U.S. Our
U.S. market share is the highest we've seen in recent years at 5.5%, up 90 basis points versus last year.
At nearly $4 billion, this was the largest Q1 revenue in the company's history.

We're happy with the standout performance of Old Navy and Athleta, which grew net sales 27% and 56%,
respectively, in Q1 versus 2019. Combined, Old Navy and Athleta represented 66% of company sales in
Q1, moving closer to our target of 70% by the end of 2023. Sonia will talk more about how they compete
to win a little bit later.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

There's also a meaningful progress at Gap brand. Gap North America delivered a 9% comp versus 2019,
underscoring the progress the brand is making in the product and operations of its core business. The
brand has become more digitally led and is realizing the margin benefit of closing unprofitable stores while
also reinvigorating the brand with great creative and product execution.

And lastly, we're excited about the changes occurring at Banana Republic: its updated product design,
realigned pricing architecture, in-store experience and updated brand creative. While we aren't yet seeing
growth at Banana Republic, the team is focused on regaining relevance and repositioning Banana Republic
for a post-COVID world.

Our commitment to becoming a digitally led company is paying off. At over $6 billion in sales in fiscal
2020, our online channel was ranked #2 in U.S. apparel e-commerce sales and, when leveraged with our
well-located fleet, gives us strategic advantage in serving our customers through an omnichannel lens.
And in Q1, online momentum continued with sales growth up 82% versus 2019, ending the quarter at
40% of total sales compared to 25% in 2019.

Next, we're strategically driving down fixed costs and reallocating a portion to demand generation
in support of our sales growth. Several expense levers, strategic store closures and productivity and
operating expenses, especially in stores, have helped us weather pandemic-related costs in the quarter
and allowed us to lean into demand-generating investments, such as marketing and digital enhancements.
Our strategic investment in marketing over the last several quarters has helped us gain market share in
the dislocated apparel market, and we're leveraging that share consolidation to drive growth now.

We've driven improvement in product margins over the last few quarters as customers have responded
to our brand-building marketing. In addition, we've delivered creative execution and relevant product,
supporting higher regular price selling and reduced discounts. While freight and shipping costs as well as
pandemic-related supply chain headwinds persist, this margin expansion provided an offset against these
rising costs.

Our fleet rationalization is on track and driving significant economic value. I'll share more details in a
moment, but we remain on track to closing 350 Gap and Banana Republic stores in North America by
the end of 2023. Higher online sales, store closures, both in the quarter and last year; along with lease
negotiations and abatement settlements, contributed 430 basis points of ROD leverage in Q1 versus 2019.

We're making progress on leveraging partnerships as a capital-efficient way to amplify our iconic brands
and drive profitable sales, particularly at Gap brand. Yesterday, the brand announced an exclusive deal
with Walmart.com to deliver Gap Home. Sonia will speak more about this later, but this is an example of
how, through partnerships, we can extend the reach of our brands to customers across product categories,
markets and channels.

Our strategic review of our European market presence is underway. We're evaluating options across
France, Italy, the U.K. and Ireland. Gap brand has a strong brand recognition in Europe and whether
through a franchise model or online, we look forward to providing Gap products to our European
customers. We'll share more progress on our evaluation as we move through the year.

As part of our Power Plan 2023, we committed to profitably growing our $4 billion lifestyle brand. In
support of this strategic initiative, we completed the sale of our Janie and Jack business in the first quarter
and completed the sale of the Intermix business early in the second quarter. While these transactions
won't materially affect EBIT, the brands together contributed approximately 2% of sales on an annual
basis. This change further enables management to focus on the core brands and remove fixed costs in the
portfolio.

And finally, we've generated meaningful free cash flow, ending the quarter with $2.5 billion of cash,
cash equivalents and short-term investments on the balance sheet. Our reliable cash generation and
strong balance sheet supports our investment for growth in 2021 through capital expenditures while also
resuming our long-standing practice of returning cash to shareholders.

We initiated a new dividend in the second quarter and are returning to our program of share repurchases
intended to offset dilution. We're also closely monitoring our debt position. Based on current market prices

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

of our notes, we don't believe it's in the best interest of shareholders to repurchase or restructure at this
time. While we're not planning any near-term actions related to our debt, we are actively watching the
markets and interest rates so we can take action at the appropriate time.

Before I move on to our revised 2021 outlook, I want to say I'm proud of how the team leaned into our
competitive advantages, maximizing our strategies to drive long-term shareholder value. As we look to
the balance of 2021, despite the remaining uncertainty related to the COVID pandemic, our first quarter
performance gives us confidence to raise our 2021 outlook today. On a reported basis, the company now
anticipates full year diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.55 to $1.70. On an adjusted basis,
we're raising our full year earnings per share to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.75.

So let me turn to our Q1 financials and starting with sales. Net sales for the quarter were $4 billion, up
8% versus 2019. Comp sales were up 28% versus a year ago and up 13% versus 2019. While overall
performance was quite good, Q1 sales were negatively impacted by the continued resurgence in the
COVID pandemic that resulted in unplanned mandated store closures and restrictions across Canada,
Japan, China and Europe. As noted, the pandemic-related impact to first quarter sales versus 2019 is
estimated to be approximately 2 percentage points. In addition, the sales decline related to strategically
planned permanent store closures had an estimated impact of about 5 percentage points versus 2019.

Overall store sales in Q1 were down 16% versus 2019. The decline in store sales is attributable to an
estimated 7 points of sales impact from permanent closures and an estimated 3 points of sales impact
from international market, COVID-mandated closures. Our online sales grew 82% versus 2019 and
contributed 40% of sales in the quarter. For details on sales by brand, please refer to our earnings release.

Turning to gross margin. First quarter gross margin rate was 40.8%, leveraging 450 basis points versus
2019. Our margin expansion is as follows. ROD leveraged 430 basis points versus 2019 due to the
increase in online sales, coupled with savings from store closures and rent negotiations. Merchandise
margins expanded 20 basis points versus 2019, reflecting higher product margin due to lower promotional
activities, offsetting approximately 200 basis points of higher shipping costs associated with increased
online sales.

Turning to SG&A. First quarter reported operating expenses were $1.4 billion and 34.8% of sales.
Excluding $56 million in charges related to divestiture activity in the quarter, adjusted operating expenses
were $1.3 billion or 33.4% of sales, deleveraging 60 basis points versus Q1 2019 adjusted SG&A. This
60 basis points of deleverage is due to the following dynamics: deleverage of 120 basis points due to
elevated compensation costs as part of the company's pay-for-performance philosophy; higher distribution
center costs of 40 basis points in support of the company's online expansion; and importantly, productivity
and store expenses of 230 basis points were partially redeployed into demand generation as marketing
investment was higher and deleveraged 140 basis points. The greater investment and demand generation
resulted in 0.9 point of market share gain for Gap, Inc. in Q1 versus a year ago, ending the quarter at
5.5% of total U.S. apparel market share.

Turning to operating margin. On a reported basis, first quarter total operating income was $240 million
or 6% of sales. On an adjusted basis, first quarter operating income totaled $296 million with operating
margin of 7.4%, expanding 390 basis points versus adjusted 2019 operating margin.

Moving to taxes and interest. The reported effective tax rate was 11.2% for the first quarter. The lower
first quarter effective tax rate primarily reflects the onetime income tax benefit related to divestiture
activity in the quarter. Excluding this impact, the adjusted effective tax rate was 23.5%. And first quarter
net interest expense was $53 million.

Turning to EPS. Our first quarter reported earnings per share was $0.43. Excluding charges related to
divestiture activity, adjusted earnings per share was $0.48.

To provide some perspective on inventory, total inventory was up 6% versus the first quarter of 2019 and
up 7% versus the year ago quarter. The increase is primarily due to COVID-related U.S. port congestion
and the impact on shipping lanes, resulting in higher in-transit inventory levels. Importantly, we remain
pleased with the content of our inventory, with markdown ownership below 2020 and 2019, and are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

confident in our ability to deliver product margins above last year's levels in Q2. We now expect Q2
inventory growth versus 2020 to be in the range of high single digits to mid-teens, acknowledging the
volatility regarding COVID-related supply chain disruptions impacting in-transit inventory levels.

Moving to real estate and store closures. In the first quarter, we closed 6 Gap and Banana Republic stores
in North America, consistent with our strategy of improving the profitability of our store fleet. We still
anticipate closing approximately 75 stores in 2021, which will bring us to approximately 75% of our goal
of closing 350 stores in North America by the end of 2023. We anticipate that store closures in 2021 will
be weighted towards the back half of the year based on the timing of lease expirations. In addition, on a
net basis, we opened 25 Old Navy and Athleta stores, consistent with our plans to expand their customer
reach.

During the quarter, we incurred store-related cash outlays of about $6 million for North America. In 2021,
we continue to estimate cash outlays of about $135 million related to store closures. As noted previously,
as of the end of 2023, we expect that the full store rationalization program will yield annualized pretax
savings of about $100 million. This estimate does not include the strategic review of our Europe market,
which remains in progress.

Regarding the balance sheet and cash flow, free cash flow was $216 million in the quarter. As a result
of the company's strong cash flow performance, we ended the quarter with $2.5 billion of cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments. The company ended the quarter with 377 million shares
outstanding.

Before I turn it over to Sonia, let me touch on our financial outlook for 2021, which we are raising across
all key measures. We believe the biggest domestic impact from the pandemic is largely behind us, with the
U.S. market showing signs of strength driven by stimulus in Q1 and a faster recovery from the accelerated
vaccine rollout. While we are seeing a healthier macro environment in the U.S., we expect lingering
impacts to continue globally as seen in market closures and stay-at-home restrictions in Canada, China,
Japan and Europe. In addition, while our strategies are working and showing good results, we're also
watching the evolving pressures on our supply chain from both COVID outbreaks in India and Southeast
Asia as well as the ongoing raw material supply pressures.

With that in mind, I'd like to provide the following revised guidance for fiscal year 2021. On a reported
basis, we now expect earnings per share to be in the range of $1.55 to $1.70. On an adjusted basis,
excluding the Q1 charges associated with the divestiture activity, we now expect our earnings per share
-- adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.75, a $0.40 increase versus prior year
outlook. Both our reported and adjusted outlooks exclude the potential impact associated with ongoing
strategic reviews in Europe.

Now let me provide you with some additional guidance metrics for 2021. We are raising our sales outlook
and now anticipate full year net sales growth to be in the range of low to mid-20% versus fiscal year
2020. Notably, this revised outlook reflects the lost revenue attributable to the recent sale of Janie and
Jack and Intermix which, combined on an annual basis, represented approximately 2% of company sales.

Our reported and adjusted operating margin guidance is now approximately 6%, an increase from our
previous guidance of about 5%. This reflects an acceleration of our progress towards reaching a 10%
operating margin by the end of 2023. We anticipate a modestly higher level of SG&A spending as a
percentage of sales in Q2 versus Q1. With a disproportionate advantage in back-to-school, primarily
at Gap and Old Navy, we plan to invest more heavily in marketing and digital assets to drive market
share during this important time. Additionally, the integrated launch of our loyalty program in the fall is
supported by elevated investments in customer-facing technology. This modest increase in SG&A spend in
Q2 is fully contemplated in the higher operating margin guidance for fiscal year 2021 of about 6%.

And lastly, I want to note the company's focus on returning cash to shareholders. First, we announced
earlier this month that the company will pay a Q2 dividend of $0.12 a share, recognizing the strength of
our balance sheet and continuing a long history of paying regular dividends to shareholders. In addition,
we'll resume share repurchases with the intent to offset dilution. Subject to market conditions and other

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

considerations, the company expects to repurchase up to $200 million of shares under the program for the
remainder of fiscal year 2021.

In closing, our first quarter performance reflects a strong start to 2021 with profitable sales growth and
operating margin expansion versus 2019. This strong start is giving us confidence to raise our full year
outlook, putting us on an accelerated path to our long-term goals.

And with that, I will turn the call over to Sonia.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Katrina, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm happy to be here today to share our first quarter
results. And as Katrina mentioned, our sales were up significantly year-over-year and exceeded our 2019
results.

Our strong performance in Q1 can be attributed to 2 things. First, and most importantly, our Power Plan
2023 is taking hold. And second, the macro tailwinds, which included a third round of stimulus checks and
increased vaccine distribution, created an inflection point.

Our teams are maniacally focused on growing our purpose-led billion-dollar lifestyle brands, and our
customers are responding. The marketing investments we've made over the last several quarters to fuel
demand, coupled with the macro tailwinds, are supercharging our business. The share we strategically
took in 2020 during the consolidation in the apparel market drove outsized momentum in Q1, especially
in Old Navy and Athleta, and we're feeling great about the health of Gap business in North America.
According to NPD, our market share gains outpaced the industry average and, as Katrina shared, were the
highest we've seen in recent years.

Customers are emerging from the pandemic with a newfound appreciation for social connections and
a chance to express their style. At the same time, customers are holding on to the comfort they found
in the spaces and rituals created over the last year. As store traffic rebounded, we sustained our digital
dominance with online growth up 61% year-over-year and 82% when compared to 2019. Growth in active
and fleece continued to rise, showing customers' hesitance to let go of the cozy mentality, while we saw a
resurgence in dresses and summer fashion as customers also wish for a spring awakening.

While these trends benefited the entire industry, we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of the
"and" factor: joggers and dresses, digital and in-store, stepping out and staying in. Customers are
embracing their own blend of "and" which allows us to play to our strength.

While we're pleased with the Q1, and we are seeing great progress in our U.S. market, we understand that
the pandemic is far from over on a global scale. With the resurgence in cases in Canada, Europe, China
and Japan, COVID impact on demand in international markets is still meaningful. And more critically,
due to rising cases in countries we source from, like India, we are facing supply chain and raw material
challenges. Still, agility and flexibility and scale have become a strong muscle across the team. And as we
monitor and mitigate these headwinds, I'm confident we have the right levers to pull.

We're on track and feel positive about the progress we're making against our Power Plan 2023. We are
taking swift action as needed while shifting investments to grow our iconic brands in new and profitable
ways for the long term.

Let me elaborate on some of Katrina's remarks and walk you through how this showed up this quarter,
starting with the Power of our Brands. I'm particularly energized by how each of our brands are
demonstrating brand power to compete and take profitable share. I attribute this to having trend-right
product, purpose-led marketing and brand-amplifying creative partnerships, resulting in improved brand
health and stronger customer relevance. Across our brands, we are harnessing our pricing power, we're
reducing promotions and directly investing to drive demand.

Let me first talk about Old Navy. While the overall market has strengthened, Old Navy is taking share,
outpacing the industry. The brand maintains its position as the #2 apparel brand in the U.S. and now sits

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

as the #6 apparel retailer on a rolling 3-month basis according to NPD. The stimulus, consumer optimism,
strong product acceptance and full funnel marketing drove a remarkable quarter. Old Navy stores
delivered profitable growth even with COVID closures. And at the same time, our online growth continued
to accelerate. Newly acquired customers are spending more, thanks to marketing investments in brand-
building storytelling, like their Vintage Vibes campaign, which tapped into today's TikTok generation.

In their most recent campaign, Old Navy teamed up with NBA Hall of Famer Magic Johnson to share the
success stories of 3 inspiring graduates from our career skills and mentoring program, This Way ONward.
Growth in key categories like active and fleece remains strong, while seasonal categories like dresses,
shorts and denim are coming back. Strength in stores and the shift in product mix signal a new stage in
pandemic recovery as vaccines roll out, enabling the return of family vacations and in-person learning. Old
Navy anticipates distorted share acquisition in kids and baby from distressed retailers and, when paired
with customer exuberance, sets us up for a strong back-to-school performance.

Building on a successful sleepwear business, Old Navy extended into intimates in April to further deliver on
the needs of our customers' full lives and, since the launch, has picked up 0.5 point of market share and
moved into the top 20 intimates retailers. We're also looking forward to the brand's expansion of inclusive
sizing to all stores later this year. With one of the broadest size ranges in the industry, but largely limited
to online, this serves to further its commitment to the democracy of style and better serve our existing
plus customers with a physical space to shop and engage with us.

Next, Gap. Momentum accelerated in Q1 with modern American optimism coming to life through improved
product, evolving and clear creative direction and overall sharper execution. While COVID-related closures
in Asia and Europe impacted sales meaningfully in the quarter, Gap North America is growing, healthy
and cool, delivering a positive 9% 2-year comp with margin expansion. The team is focused on building
relevance in the U.S. which, in turn, gives us the power to export that relevance globally.

Gap's Generation Good campaign featured passionate teen activists and self-defined creators who are
forging a positive and inclusive path forward, and that resonated deeply with customers. And they are
responding to Gap's effortless style, driving lower discounting and giving the brand pricing power.

Priority categories active, sleep and fleece accelerated, resulting in double-digit sales growth versus Q1
2019. And like Old Navy, kids and baby sales were strong as many kids returned to the classroom, they
grew, and it all bodes well for a strong back-to-school season later this summer.

Work is underway on the Yeezy Gap collaboration with Kanye West. Again, we're approaching this launch
with deep intention, and we expect to share more with you in the next few months.

And as we announced today, we're optimistic about our venture into home with the launch of Gap Home at
Walmart.com this summer. $164 billion category in the U.S. alone, home is a natural extension of apparel
and a category where storytelling drives sales, both a natural fit as we build lifestyle brands. Leveraging
our model of partnering to amplify, the Gap and Walmart partnership is a capital-efficient alternative to
acquiring capabilities in-house. The assortment is sustainably made, beautifully curated, incredibly priced,
and we cannot wait to see Gap's modern American optimism translated to home and kids' dorm rooms
later this year.

Turning to Banana Republic. The new team at Banana Republic is making progress, laying the foundation
for its transformation. Over the quarter, they've made strides in realigning their pricing architecture and
yield management, improving the physical in-store experience and updating brand creative. To restore
brand relevance, the team has identified both target customer groups and the core cultural trends to
inform our new brand positioning, our new product design and our customer engagement approach.

Banana Republic showed off stunning floral windows to welcome spring ahead of the launch of a capsule
collection by the emerging designer, Prep Curry, who mixes streetwear with bold florals and dual-gender
style. This collection largely sold out in under a week, showing the demand we can create through limited
edition partnerships. Laying the path for the future will take time, and we are steadfast in our mission to
reestablish Banana Republic's marketplace position as a leading, affordable luxury lifestyle brand.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

Now what a quarter for Athleta. Athleta drove outsized digital growth while achieving record full-price
sales through gains in performance lifestyle products, particularly warm weather shorts, dresses, swim
and tanks. And it really differentiates us from the competition. Performance of inclusive sizing has grown
steadily since its January launch, with 70% of the Athleta collection now available in 1X to 3X.

Athleta had some really major wins in its effort to raise brand awareness by amplifying our values. The
All Powerful campaign drove overwhelmingly positive engagement at 2x the industry benchmarks with
impressions across print and digital totaling over 160 million. And Athleta will have 2 gold metal athletes
at the world stage in Tokyo this summer who will amplify the brand's mission to empower women and
girls. Simone Biles joins Allyson Felix as the brand's newest ambassador and will bring her personal
story of unparalleled career achievement, along with her journey of pushing through pain and adversity.
These value-led partnerships are driving the awareness of Athleta. And in fact, when we announced our
partnership with Simone Biles, Athleta had the highest non-holiday search result in their history.

Investments in digital are paying off with app performance exceeding expectations, and success in digital
marketing is driving new customer growth to historic highs, pushing Athleta's total customer file to 4.5
million in Q1. Athleta also announced plans to open stores in Canada later this year, joining Old Navy, Gap
and Banana Republic. With an online site launch later this summer and 2 stores planned for fall, this move
is proof point in our strategy to extend customers' access through new entry points.

Our vision to grow purpose-led, billion-dollar lifestyle brands is taking hold. And as Katrina mentioned
earlier, we're transforming our brand portfolio to align with our Power Plan 2023. We successfully wound
down Hill City and divested Janie and Jack and Intermix. These moves allow us to focus and prioritize our
strategic intent and put resources behind the brands with the most potential and that generate the most
sales.

Next, the Power of our Platform. Our digitally-led mindset is paying off with our dominant omnichannel
strength and scaled operations. Online sales grew nearly 60% versus the first quarter of last year and
represented approximately 40% of the total business even as sales rebounded in stores. And our omni
team delivered the largest March on record, shipping 13 million packages to customers in North America.

As I shared last quarter, one of our main priorities in 2021 is optimizing our mobile experience. We
launched our Android native app in March, and we're excited to be engaging with our Android customers.
And strong contribution from our alternative payment providers, PayPal and Afterpay, represented 20% of
online spend in Q1.

With our leading omni platform, whether in stores or on mobile, through curbside pickup or our self-
checkout pilot coming later this year, we're pushing for convenience and engaging experiences across the
entire customer journey.

We are laser-focused on our SG&A transformation through increased productivity, organizational capacity
and demand-generating investments. We're on track to close North America stores across Gap and
Banana Republic, in line with our strategy of releasing unproductive sales. And the strategic review of our
European business is still underway.

Finally, the Power of our Portfolio. We're using our brands' collective power to grow our customer file and
extend brand reach. I've shared several ways our brands are doing this through store growth, market
expansion and product extensions. And we have 62 million active customers globally, and we acquired
over 60% more online customers than this time last year. And that is a really big deal. We're on a mission
to create loyalists. We enrolled more than 5 million customers in our multi-tender loyalty program in Q1.
And on average, they are spending far more than customers not in our program. This gives us confidence
ahead of our integrated loyalty program launch this summer.

We also announced a new credit card agreement with Barclays and Mastercard that will begin in May
2022. We feel that the level of technology and personalization capabilities that Barclays bring to the
partnership fit perfectly with our strategy to use new and more effective ways to speak to our customers.

The Power of our Portfolio also means our brands can drive sustainable change at scale. Old Navy's move
to eliminate plastic shopping bags in the U.S. and Canada by 2023 is a meaningful step in our waste

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

reduction efforts. Gap brand's latest Generation Good Collection has the most sustainable tees and denim
to date. More than 60% of Banana Republic's 2021 Spring Collection was manufactured using more
sustainable fibers. And through its solar power purchase agreement, Athleta brought additional renewable
energy to the grid that is helping offset more than 100% of the electricity it uses to power its stores.
Finally, our freshly branded company mailer will be made with 50% recycled content, leaving an optimistic
first impression on our customer and further reducing our use of virgin plastic.

We choose to see sustainability through an inclusion lens, and these efforts demonstrate our deep belief
in empowering women, enabling opportunities and enriching communities, all part of our purpose to be
inclusive by design.

Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I want to touch on our talented team because this is a team effort. We
are creating a performance and owner culture for all with shared accountability in our business results.
And I want to take a moment to acknowledge and honor a job well done over the last year and quarter,
one that was particularly challenging for our frontline team members, 96% of whom maintained loyalty
through furloughs and served as a lifeblood of our business through the acute COVID impact.

When business is good, we believe vehemently that this is the time to push ourselves harder, to strive for
continuous improvement and to reach even further for growth across our brands. Momentum is on our
side, and we intend to capitalize. History suggests a spurt of innovation comes out of every crisis and the
strength of our brands, platform and portfolio, coupled with our creative audacity, suggests an exciting
road ahead.
So with that, we'll open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Adrienne Yih with Barclays.

Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Congratulations. It's been a tough road, but well done. Sonia, a couple of questions. I guess my first
question is on the advertising spend. I know that you're moving from kind of noncustomer-facing SG&A,
shifting into kind of demand creation, and we should think about that as probably being in the 6% of sales
range. And I'm just wondering how you think about that number relative to other companies that have
brands that tend to be a little bit higher than that. And then of that spend, how are you thinking about
proportioning it among the different brands?

And then for Katrina, can you give us either a line of sight of where Gap and BR are trending now for
operating margin? Or alternatively, when you get to the 10% margin, what is the target for those 2 pieces
of the business?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you. So we are pleased with our 2 top investments, which are technology and marketing, as you
say. And the marketing investments have allowed us to expand our product margins, reduce discount,
et cetera. So we're learning as we go. Yes, you're correct, that 6% is roughly where we're planning.
But we're learning, and we'll continue to see what we hear back from customers on some of those
investments. Right now, we're seeing a really great virtuous cycle with the investments in marketing
allowing us to improve our price realization across all of our brands.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I'm glad you brought up the 6% because that is, in fact, roughly where we still expect the year
to land. I mean we'll see where revenue is. But that is -- it will be sort of lumpy by quarter. And as we said
in the speech, we are going to lean a little bit more into Q2. We actually didn't hit the 6% marketing in
Q1. And so we did sort of reserve some of that money for Q2 to invest in back-to-school, as we said, and
the loyalty launch. So it's going to be lumpy, but I think 6% is about what we're thinking and we'll see.
Sonia may or may not have said, a lot of our marketing is digital. We can read it week to week. It's very
flexible, and so we'll lean in as appropriate.

With regards to operating margin, we haven't broken those out by brand. I think we've acknowledged
that Old Navy and Athleta are the highest operating margins. But certainly, the restructuring at Gap and
Banana is intended to really take out the lack of profitability at those brands and bring them back up. All
of that's contemplated in various scenarios in the 10% operating margin goal, and we haven't really said
more than that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on the performance. So maybe Sonia or Katrina, at Old Navy, maybe just help us to break
down the drivers of the improvement, so the 27% top line this quarter versus 5% in the fourth quarter.
Have you seen the momentum sustained post stimulus? If so, what do you think is driving it? And on the
bottom line, I guess, how best to think about product margin expansion drivers as we think about the
second quarter against pretty healthy expansion a year ago?
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

We've got multiple strategies at play, right, Matt. So specific to Old Navy, they're really seeing strength
on the distortion on product and the acceleration of comfort and cozy, whether it's the fleece and active
dominance that they've seen, and really big growth there, triple-digit growth. With the resurgence in
the lifestyle products such as dresses and shorts, it's really this power of the "and", right? The family is
wanting all of these choices from Old Navy. So the product acceleration between those big end uses, and
you couple it with the kids and baby dominance that Old Navy has as the #1 brand in the kids and baby
space, all of that yields really, really great execution on product.

And then they've deployed excellent new pricing strategies this quarter as well that you'll see in stores
and online with Everyday Magic pricing, which has allowed day in/day out pricing for about 20% of the
assortment. We see this as growing. We see this as something customers are really responding to, and it's
enabled the margin expansion on top of the product acceptance. And then the innovation that's happening
in the site has really maintained our e-commerce momentum. As you know, technology investment is
a big deal for us. That's manifesting in a stronger momentum in the e-commerce business. The loyalty
enablement, we know how much more customer spend with loyalty. So those technology and loyalty
investments are paying off and building.

And then lastly, I'd say the stores' recovery from the COVID time has been fantastic, and customers are
loving the experience. They want a physical shopping space where the family can come and really have
something that is human centered, and that's what they're experiencing in the stores, so they're happy to
be back, and we're happy to have them.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then maybe just a follow-up for Katrina. Could you speak to gross margin progression as
we think about the first quarter being 400 to 500 basis points above 2019? And I think you previously
attributed half of the Analyst Day EBIT margin expansion to ROD and the other half to SG&A. I just
wanted to confirm that these 2 pieces are at or ahead of the plan in order to get to the 10%.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So when I think about margin for the year, what I would say is the rent and occupancy leverage that
we're seeing is largely on track based on the work we've done to shut the North America stores and get
the lease renegotiations that we worked so hard on last year. And so I would say about 75% or 80% of
that 430 bps we saw in Q1 would continue for the year and continue to add significant value to our margin
expansion.

And then on the product margin side, as Sonia said, we're really pleased with the way our brands are
competing. And whether that's the right product, the right creative, the right brand values, the right
marketing, all of that is giving us the power to pull back on discounting. In Q1, that allowed us to offset
shipping. And we'll see how that plays out for the rest of the year. But certainly, we expect product
margins should continue to be higher on a year-over-year basis.

What we're watching, honestly, on the margin side of things is what everyone I think has talked about,
which is whether supply chain issues will require air freight in order to be able to continue to get inventory
here, whether there will be commodity pressures in the back half. We'll see how all that plays out. We've
been navigating that closely and using our advantaged supply chain to help us mitigate what we can. But
certainly, all of that's on our minds as we think about the back half of the year. But all those scenarios are
reflected in the 6% operating margin. And I think as we said on the call, we had originally expected 5%
this year. We're now guiding to 6%. And so all of that feels like we're accelerating towards our 10% plan.
And we're proud of that.

Operator

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

And the next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America.

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Securities, Research Division

I was hoping to just get your thoughts on the progression of the Gap brand as the year moves forward,
any timing on the Kanye collaboration and then how you're thinking about planning inventory for the
brand through that collaboration and as sales continue to improve.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

So as you know, we've been doing the heavy work with building our creative competence and creative
audacity with Gap while, at the same time, restructuring the business by shedding unproductive stores
and the review of our international markets, looking at partnering to amplify as the strategy. And an
important partner, as we've announced, is the Yeezy Gap collaboration. We love the enthusiasm. It's the
#1 question we get. And every day with customers and across social media, we see the hype building
from speculation around the product to supposed launch dates.

The Yeezy Gap is a work in progress and remains a significant opportunity for us. And will it be Q2 or Q3,
we'll see. What I can tell you is that the creativity is through the roof, and it's spilling over to the brand.
And it's inspiring our teams more broadly. So we are very energized by what we're seeing, and we know
our customers will be, too. We're planning for a multiyear effect here, a multiyear business. So we're
confident in that potential.

As we think about Gap for the rest of the year, continuing to drive for health in margin expansion is
something that we are committed to. And so the inventory will be commensurate. But I don't know,
Katrina, if you want to add anything on the inventory side.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, I think that's right. I mean we're really pleased with the health of the North America core. I think
you saw the 9% comp here in North America, is a really good indicator that the brand is on track. They're
becoming digitally dominant, and we're making the progress we need on shuttering stores. And then, as
Sonia said, we're continuing to make progress on negotiating our international markets to partner. And
all of that feels like we're making good progress. We have a lot of flexibility in inventory, so we'll keep
managing that appropriately. But for now, I don't think there's anything specific to report as it relates to
Gap versus the rest of the brand.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. We gained a lot of speed and agility in our inventory management through COVID, and that is being
applied to all of our brands to respond as needed, to customer stock preferences, to inventory needs.
So it is a new day in inventory. And Gap brand, like all of our brands, is focused on omni-inventory
transformation so that there's more ubiquity across the 2 channels. And that's also another lever that we
can apply.

Operator

And moving on to Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Great. Katrina, my question is on gross margin. You've got really nice leverage here in ROD. I
wanted to know if you could break down the 430 basis points of leverage between what you expect to be
sort of permanent and more lasting as compared to temporary, if there were any rent abatements or other
assistance that benefited in the quarter. And then if you could provide some insight on how you're thinking

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

about shipping costs. I don't know how much advanced visibility you get on that. But are you expecting
shipping costs to remain elevated through the year?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Kimberly. So on rent and occupancy, we actually didn't have a lot of totally unusual items happen
in the quarter. I would say it's safe to assume about 75% of that 430 bps level of leverage will continue for
the year. And so we'll see -- the negotiations, as you know, can be sort of lumpy, so we'll update you as
we go. But if you think about the year, that's a good way to think about that leverage amount.

And then as far as shipping costs, we disclosed that we experienced about 200 basis points of shipping
headwinds in the quarter. I think that's a reasonable amount to assume for the rest of the year. Honestly,
what we don't know is as the vendors are more impacted by the COVID outbreaks in India and Southeast
Asia and as those orders transpire and we start to see what happens there, we don't know yet how much
we will or won't have to air in order to get that here or if there will be freight implications. So I can't say,
honestly. Again, we're looking closely at all of that and working hard to do what we've been doing, which
is use our pricing power to offset all of those issues. But again, we're watching all of that closely like
everyone and doing our best. But the normal operations, I think that 200 bps is a good estimate.

Operator

And we have a question from Mark Altschwager with Baird.

Sarah L. Goldberg
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

This is Sarah Goldberg on for Mark. With the intimates launch at Old Navy, it looks like some good early
signs there. I was just wondering, has this been capturing a new customer? Or has it largely been an add-
on purchase at this stage? And then how do you see this scaling over time?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Look, we're excited between the Old Navy launch, between Gap Body, between Athleta's sleep and
intimates as well as Banana Republic's True Hues, that all 4 of our brands have permission under the guise
of their lifestyle positioning to lean into the intimates space. If you add them all up, it's a fairly sizable
business now. Old Navy has seen some great success, particularly with their unique aesthetic. They've
introduced these great colorful undergarments that really stand out in the market. And I think we are
seeing customer response to that.

The average transaction volume in Old Navy has really grown. So that implies that we're not only
expanding the basket for existing customers, but also the customer growth is there. So it's both. I would
say it's the "and" that we spoke about in the script. We're seeing more customers and they're spending
more, with intimates being one of the drivers.

Steve Austenfeld
Head of Investor Relations

Justin, why don't we take one more call, and then we have to break.

Operator

Our last question will come from the line of Marni Shapiro with The Retail Tracker.

Marni Shapiro
The Retail Tracker

Congratulations. Great improvement. I think the stores look fantastic and, to your point, very optimistic.
Could you just touch on a little bit about Old Navy sticking their -- because the intimates line was
something. But I've also noticed the active line looks a little bit -- it looks changed, different in the stores,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

broader in the stores. And then the balance of active into lounge, into intimates, how that should look
in the stores. And are there other segments that you feel are missing in Old Navy that the customer is
interested in buying from Old Navy?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Thanks, Marni. Good to hear from you. Thanks for your notes, too, earlier. Listen, Old Navy has a
lot of permission to play across categories, and they have leaned into intimates as their latest foray. And
we have our extended sizing, our body positivity launch in the fall as another example of expansion and
authority.

And what I would say to your point on active is, yes, the active business has been one of the biggest
growth categories, if not the biggest growth category, for Old Navy. We've given them more space in
store, more space online. It's attracting a much younger customer. We're seeing moms and a lot of
teenagers join us, join the brand for the first time through the active business. So we are seeing more
new and younger customers. We are seeing the natural growth because the active space is the fastest-
growing within apparel. And so it's all converging to benefit Old Navy.

Marni Shapiro
The Retail Tracker

Fantastic. Best of luck for the summer season, stores look great.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Marni. And thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to speaking with you at the end
of the second quarter.

Operator
Thank you. And that does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

