The Gap, Inc. NYSE:GPS
FQ2 2022 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 26, 2021 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2022-

-FQ3 2022-

-FY 2022-

-FY 2023-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

0.46

0.70

52.17

0.43

1.79

-

2.21

Revenue  (mm)

4117.75

4211.00

2.26

4209.21

17136.49

17940.00

17704.09

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-23-2021 10:05 AM GMT

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

FQ1 2022

FQ2 2022

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.33

0.18

(0.08)

0.46

0.25

0.28

0.48

0.70

SURPRISE

(24.24 %)

55.56 %

NM

52.17 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Steve Austenfeld
Head of Investor Relations

ANALYSTS

Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Brooke Siler Roach
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Jenny, and I will be your conference operator today. At
this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Gap Inc. Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Today's
call is being recorded.

[Operator Instructions]

And I would now like to introduce your host, Steve Austenfeld, Head of Investor Relations.

Steve Austenfeld
Head of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gap Inc.'s Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that the information made available on this webcast and
conference call contains forward-looking statements. For any information on factors that could cause
our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements as well as the description and
reconciliation of any financial measures not consistent with generally accepted accounting principles,
please refer to Page 2 of the slides shown on the Investors section of our website, gapinc.com, which
supplement today's remarks as well as today's earnings release, the company's annual report on Form
10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2021, and any subsequent filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, all of which are available on gapinc.com. These forward-
looking statements are based on information as of today, August 26, 2021, and we assume no obligation
to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements.

Joining me on the call today are Chief Executive Officer, Sonia Syngal; and Chief Financial Officer, Katrina
O'Connell.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Sonia. Thank you.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. Katrina and I are glad to be here today to share our
second quarter results.

First, I'll share my thoughts on the quarter and how elements of our Power Plan 2023 came to life across
our brands, platform and portfolio. I'll also share how we're positioned to grow well into the future
through digital transformation, strategic expansion of addressable markets and an acute focus on building
customer lifetime value. Then I'll turn it over to Katrina to give a more detailed view of our financials and
outlook for the rest of the year.

We're happy with the strong top and bottom line results we delivered this quarter. We grew comparable
sales by 12% versus 2019 and delivered the highest Q2 sales in over a decade, even after walking
away from 8% of unproductive sales from the divestiture of the 2 smaller brands and the strategic store
closures at our North American market. To the entire team, thank you for your commitment to our
customers and our company every day.

Our customers' in great summer with optimism, hungry for mood-boosting clothes as vacations and
reunions became reality. We saw a celebration of American style, of '90s nostalgia and the resurgence of
denim. All of these sits in a sweet spot across our purpose-led billion-dollar lifestyle brands. Staying close
with our customer and keenly observing their cues allowed us to react quickly to the shift in trends. While
there's still a favorable consumer environment, we were pleased to maintain our momentum and believe
this is a strong indication that our strategy is working.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Starting with the power of our brand. Over the last several quarters, we've mentioned an increasing
investment in marketing and brand amplifying partnership. Our investments, at about 6% of sales for
the year, is roughly 50% higher than historic levels, all deployed against fueling demand for each of our
brands. We've dialed up marketing efforts by balancing art and science to grow market share, to acquire
new customers and drive profitable growth.

First is art. Fueled by new creative confidence, our brands are using their unique voices, optimism, values
and cultural relevance to connect with customers rather than relying on discounts to drive the quick simple
steps. Whether it's Old Navy and Grammy-nominated recording artist, H.E.R., celebrating the reopening
of America or Gap turning to TikTok fans to choose the next color for its iconic logo hoodie after a viral
comeback of the classics or Banana Republic tapping into '80s nostalgia and our shared desire to get back
out into the world with their recent vintage and travel-inspired capital collections or Athleta and Simone
Biles partnering to help girls reach their full potential and passionately take on the world, people are
choosing our brands for what they stand for. That is brand power.

It's also essential that our strong brand creative is as effective as possible and showing up in the right
places, and that's where the science comes in. We've updated our media mix. We've balanced investments
between conversion with existing customers and top of the funnel to build awareness, brand love and
reach new audiences. And when coupled with rigorous marketing effectiveness and a fully maximized
third-party data set, we're seeing this pay off. Brand health is improving. We're growing our customer file
and our brands are delivering results.

Let me start with Old Navy. Old Navy delivered record sales with 18% comparable sales growth versus
2019. Strong storytelling, trend-right product and strategic discounting are bringing a new and more
valuable customer in driving higher spend and margin dollars. Moving forward, the team is leveraging
data science to allocate inventory to specific stores with great precision, further improving profitability. Old
Navy will scale this capability in the back half, and we look forward to deploying it across the rest of our
brands in 2022.

And just last week, Old Navy brought the democracy of style and service together with their women's
inclusive style sizing launch, BODEQUALITY. We now offer women's styles in every size with no price
difference fully integrated in both stores and online. No other top 20 mass retailer does that. This is the
largest integrated launch in the brand's history and an important growth driver for the business for years
to come. The average woman in the U.S. wears a size 16 to 18, so with very few competitors in the plus
space, Old Navy is positioned to take a significant share of the $120 billion women's market.

Moving to Gap. Gap is restoring relevance as an iconic American brand, and the North American business
has reached a major inflection point with 12% comparable sales growth versus 2019. This is a testament
to the hard work the team has done to fix the core business, focusing on execution at every turn. The
assortment is better and tighter, product quality is better, discounts are lower, and when customers
shop at Gap, they're met with a faster redesigned site and refreshed stores that are lighter and brighter,
bringing the optimism our customers expect. This means Gap Brand is poised and ready to welcome new
customers as we leverage the strength of partners to amplify our reach. Early results on Gap Home are
encouraging, and YEEZY Gap has created a new iconic item around jacket with 75% of customers who
preordered being new to Gap.

I mentioned earlier that our classic Gap hoodie is having a moment, so much so that we reissued it in
a vintage brown for preorder delivering this fall. And it's not just on TikTok. We've seen elevated search
levels across Google, 7x more people search for the hoodie on gap.com in Q2 than a year ago. Data shows
we are attracting a younger fan base with our teen logo hoodie outpacing adult sizes by 4x. I share this
offer even, this is a brand that is resonating. This is a brand that people care about and want to wear
proudly across their chests.

Next, Banana Republic. I'm pleased with the creative progress and momentum we saw at Banana
Republic quarter-over-quarter. The dress business rebound along with pants, short and woven tops as
consumers shift back to vacation, occasion and workwear. Better execution online and a more relevant
product assortment allowed the brand to pull back on discounting without resistance and attract new
and younger customers. There's a lot of energy heading into the brand's fall relaunch and its vision of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

bringing affordable luxury to the market. Beautifully designed products like silk and kashmir and leather
and enhanced site design, premium service and curated store experiences appealing to all senses will build
over the next several months.

And finally, Athleta, which delivered 27% growth versus 2019. As the country reopened, Athleta saw its
performance lifestyle assortment accelerate as customers found versatility in styles that performs for
travel, work and working out. As a perfect amplifier of the brand's value, Athleta's sponsorship of world-
class athletes in Tokyo boosted brand awareness to 33% versus 26% last year according to YouGov.
And next week, we will launch Athleta Online in Canada, which was made possible quickly due to our DC
network and our existing infrastructure there.

Athleta is a consumer curiosity that fuels every detail of its brand expression. Last month, it launched at
Athleta Well, an immersive digital platform rooted in well-being designed to build loyalty engagement and
a community of empowered business. Members can engage in dynamic conversations with vetted experts
on topics like outfitting, fitness, mental health and body positivity. They can also participate in one-of-
a-kind experiences from interactive workshops to guided meditation and enjoy premium content from
partners like Obe Fitness. This is an integral part of Athleta's evolution from a performance brand to a
true lifestyle brand, and a key component of our strategy to develop enduring relationships with new and
existing customers.

Next, the power of our platform. We're embracing a try fast, learn fast, think big mentality to push for
convenience and engaging customer experiences across the entire customer journey. With the debut of
YEEZY Gap, we also launched an innovative out-of-the-box online experience, complete with preorder
functionality and a digital waiting room. Our Instagram shopping pilot with Athleta and Old Navy was a
successful test of distributed e-commerce, while our work on site speed and inventory availability are
yielding Net Promoter Score improvement. Launches like Athleta are made possible with the power of
our platform. We've created the digital community faster and more efficiently because of our scale and
our tech might, and we're able to leverage this technology across all brands as we explore new ways to
connect with them all.

This quarter, we maintained our digital dominance with online delivering sales growth of 65% on a
2-year basis. Because of this growth, we're making investments across our distribution network to
accommodate additional capacity and a new 2- to 3-day shipping promise for top-tier loyalty members.
And meanwhile, our sourcing optimization efforts are ramping up as we look to reduce cost per package
and simultaneously increase units per package.

And finally, the power of our portfolio. In July, we unveiled our new integrated loyalty program, featuring
a new value proposition anchored by faster shipping promise, a new tier structure, on-demand points
redemption and the ability to do good through points donation. We know we build loyalty with our more
than 65 million active customers by connecting deeply with them. This program allows us to engage
personally with noncredit card customers through experiences, not just discounting to build lifetime value
by migrating them up the value chain.

As we add customers to our file and transition them from one and done to cross-brands and multichannel
shoppers, we see a significant increase in revenue and value. Our growing card and loyalty program
already has 40 million members. It has exceeded our expectations. We're proud to have issued our
inaugural Equality & Belonging report in June, summarizing development, actions and progress towards
our 2025 commitments, a critical step as we work towards our goal of creating for all, with all.

Looking ahead, we're prepared for back-to-school. Our kids and baby business has been a point of
strength in both Old Navy and Gap. In between the 2 brands, we represent 9% of the market. That said,
we are clear-eyed about the fluid ecosystem we operate within, from inflation to waste pressure or the
recent surge of the Delta variant. The teams are mitigating supply chain headwinds from closures in the
countries where we source and make our clothes and delays due to port congestion and transportation
challenges.

Thanks to the speed and scale of our omnichannel business, deep supplier relationships and the playbook
we built at the start of the pandemic, we are advantaged here. We are stronger, we're healthier, we're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

faster and we're more a focused Gap Inc. than we were a year ago, and that gives me great confidence
that our portfolio can navigate in headwinds to come.

Our results will be acceleration of our Power Plan 2023. And as we shed unproductive sales and increase
the speed of ideation and implementation, we are doubling down on 3 areas to drive sustainable long-
term growth. First, we're looking at strategic expansion of the addressable market. As we study important
trends in the market, like wellness and the home body economy, we see a sizable future opportunity
to compete in new categories. This shows up in product extensions like inclusive sizing, as I mentioned
earlier as well as home, intimates and fleet, which comprise a combined $326 billion in addressable
markets. And when you couple that with our partner to amplify strategy, whether they're celebrity
partnerships like YEEZY Gap or franchise, and licensing partnerships like Gap Home that expand our reach,
that's a multiplier for growth.

Next, as our momentum builds, we have an acute focus on customer lifetime value fueled by our
marketing investment. Our work in loyalty, personalization and creating signature experiences across
channels will help attract new customers while developing connections and stickiness with our current
one. The AthletaWell community and partnership with Fitness platform Obe and our upcoming work on
fit transformation are ways to deepen the relationship with the customer and to encourage upselling and
cross-selling and increase that lifetime value.

And finally, digital transformation. We are investing more in technology this year than we ever have.
Since moving to the cloud last October, every dollar we spend goes further towards growth and innovation
versus modernization, innovation that could impact our entire portfolio of brands. And that speed of
our technology deployment has increased our confidence to invest further. We are digitizing operations
and increasing automation across inventory management, stores and key areas of the value chain to
unlock cost and margins, a prioritizing work that will have long-term impact end-to-end. We believe it will
radically redefine our operating cost structure and create an operating machine to support our long-term
ambition for growth.

Before I turn the call over to Katrina, I want to take a moment to celebrate Gap Inc.'s co-Founder, Doris
Fisher, who celebrated her 90th birthday this week. As our company's first working mom and the arbiter
of cool, she inspired generations of women to champion one another to follow their instincts with passion
and heart. She and Don Fisher set the bar high with an eye towards what the consumer was craving and
have instilled an owner culture that is crucially preserved. So tomorrow, in honor of her birthday, our team
is dedicating our time to local communities in our first-ever Doris Fisher Day observance because, as she
has said, "We can always do more."

With that, I'll pass it over to Katrina.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Sonia, and good afternoon, everyone.

Building on the momentum from Q1, we delivered very strong second quarter results, with the backdrop
of a strong consumer demand for our 4 purpose-led billion-dollar lifestyle brands remained high. As Sonia
discussed, we believe this is the work of our team's tremendous progress on executing our Power Plan
2023 strategy.

Of note are the following: one, our strategy is driving growth consistently. First, Old Navy and Athleta
grew 21% and 35%, respectively, in Q2 versus 2019, and combined, represented 65% of company sales.
Both brands delivered standout sales performance, led by their brand strength, omnichannel offerings
and relevant product categories. Gap North America is growing with a 12% 2-year comp in the second
quarter, demonstrating continued strength in our core North America market. This growth underscores the
progress the brand is making in products and operations. We're pleased to have new leadership at Banana
Republic, infusing creativity and improving customer experience, resulting in improved sales and operating
performance in Q2 as the brand regains relevance.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

We're becoming digitally dominant. Our online business grew 65% in Q2 versus 2019. At over $6 billion
in sales, our online channel is ranked #2 in U.S. apparel e-commerce sales, and when combined with
our well-located fleet, is a strategic advantage in serving our customers through the omnichannel lens.
And we're targeting continued growth for all our brands, adding categories and reaching new addressable
markets through extensions like home, plus size and community and wellness as we strive for sustainable
momentum.

Two, we're making the hard decisions to improve the company's economic model and drive management's
focus on what matters. Our fleet rationalization is on track in driving significant economic value. Last year,
we announced a plan to close 350 Gap and Banana Republic stores in North America and expect that 75%
will be completed by the end of this year. These closures, along with lease negotiations and higher online
sales contributed to over 330 basis points of ROD leverage in Q2 versus 2019, and will contribute ongoing
value for the remainder of the year.

The transition of our European market to a new and more profitable operating model is underway
and expected to be completed this year. We're making great progress on our goal of improving the
performance and profitability of Gap Brands as we partner to amplify through asset-light models. And we
successfully divested 2 smaller brands as we focus on our $4 billion purpose-driven lifestyle brands.

And three, we're leveraging the power of our shared platform to enable our growth agenda and help us
navigate the near-term volatility in the market. Some relevant examples are as follows. Our technology
spend, enabled by our recent cloud migration, has been meaningfully deployed against new digital
capabilities, improving site performance and enhancing customer experience across all of our brands. Our
new tiered loyalty program rollout, combined with our already strong cross-brand credit card program
enables our 65 million known active customers to shop with rewards across our portfolio, maximizing
customer lifetime value. Our scaled and automated DC network supports our online growth, and our
improved loyalty shipping promise increases efficiency and drives down fulfillment costs.

Strategic partnerships within our vendor base are allowing for rapid product innovation across the
company such as the launch of Old Navy's PowerSoft active fabric sourced from fabric technology used
in Athleta's Powervita collection, which has enabled Old Navy to dominate the value active space and has
propelled the company's total active growth, with sales on target for $4 billion in revenue in fiscal 2021.
And our strength and size in Canada will enable Athleta to enter that market in Q3 seamlessly. There are
more, but these are just a few examples of how the power of the platform is a competitive advantage to
growing all of our brands as we drive the synergy of the portfolio with the scale of the platform.

Given our year-to-date performance and confidence in our strategy, we are raising our outlook for the year
despite continuing macro headwinds. We now expect fiscal year 2021 sales to grow about 30% versus
fiscal year 2020 and with an operating margin of about 7% on a reported basis and about 7.5% on an
adjusted basis. This upwardly revised outlook puts us on an accelerated path towards our 2023 operating
margin target of 10% plus. And we expect our fiscal year 2021 reported EPS to be in the range of $1.95 to
$2.05, with adjusted EPS in the range of $2.10 to $2.25, a $0.50 increase from last quarter.

COVID variants continue to cause volatility in certain markets, and we're actively working through
supply chain constraints, inflation and wage pressure. We expect these challenges will continue for the
remainder of the year but our teams have been hard at work, leveraging our scale advantages and
strong relationships with vendors and carriers to navigate materials and other cost increases and secure
necessary ocean and air capacity to navigate supply chain delays.

Now turning to second quarter financials. Net sales for the quarter were up 5% versus 2019, and comp
sales increased 12% on a 2-year basis. Permanent store closures and the divestitures of our Intermix and
Janie & Jack businesses impacted sales by approximately 8 points.

In our international markets, COVID-related store closures persisted for most of the quarter, resulting
in an estimated 2 percentage point impact to sales versus 2019. We're pleased to report that while
we're still carefully monitoring the COVID situation globally, as of the end of Q2, nearly all of our stores
have reopened. Even as store sales start to rebound, outsized online growth continues. Enabled by
investments in our omnichannel capabilities, customers are getting a great experience engaging with our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

brands regardless of how they choose to shop with us. The online business grew 65% versus 2019 and
contributed 33% of total sales in the quarter.

As noted in our press release, second quarter reported results include an SG&A charge of $19 million,
primarily related to the decision to close our stores business in the U.K. and Ireland, which will ultimately
drive improved profitability and remove fixed costs from our structure. For details on sales by brand,
please refer to our earnings press release.

In terms of gross margin, second quarter gross margin was 43.3%, reaching an historical high in the
quarter and expanding 440 basis points versus 2019. The majority of the expansion resulted from
ROD leverage from online growth, strategic North American store closures and the ongoing benefit of
renegotiated rents for the remaining fleet.

During the quarter, ROD leveraged by 330 basis points versus 2019, a trend that we expect to directionally
carry forward in the second half of 2021. In addition, we were able to reduce discounting across all of our
brands, resulting in meaningful average unit retail growth versus 2019 and significantly expanded product
margins. Despite 130 basis points in higher shipping costs, primarily due to increased online demand,
merchandise margins still improved versus 2019 by 110 basis points.

Turning to SG&A. On a reported basis, SG&A of 33.6% deleveraged by 180 basis points compared to fiscal
2019. On an adjusted basis, SG&A was 33.1% of sales, 260 basis points higher than 2019 adjusted SG&A.
We are acutely focused on driving down fixed expense to reinvest in demand generation as we look to
grow sales in the long term.

In Q2, our work on optimizing store expenses yielded about 150 basis points of benefit, helping to fund
high-impact marketing, fueling brand health and relevance. Marketing drove 230 basis points of the
increase to 2019 as we leaned into further digital marketing, celebrity partnerships and important growth
initiatives like our integrated loyalty program launch. The success we're seeing, evidenced by improved
profit margins and new customer acquisition, gives us confidence to lean into this important demand-
driving strategy in the second half as we expect marketing spend of approximately 6% of sales for the full
year. In addition, we experienced approximately 200 basis points in higher bonus accrual costs related to
our strong financial outlook and pay-for-performance philosophy.

Regarding operating margin, operating margin for the quarter was 9.7% on a reported basis adjusted
operating margin of 10.2% increased 190 basis points versus 2019 adjusted operating margin. As the
initiatives of our strategy take hold, we're encouraged to see those results through growing sales with
improved profitability.

Moving on to taxes and interest. The effective tax rate was 28% for second quarter of fiscal 2021. Second
quarter net interest expense was $50 million. Regarding earnings on the quarter, reported earnings
per share for Q2 were $0.67, up $0.23 compared to 2019. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.70, an
increase of $0.07 to 2019 adjusted EPS.

Turning to inventory. Second quarter inventory ended up 2% compared to 2020 and down 2% to 2019. As
part of our strategy to mitigate challenges within the supply chain due to capacity and COVID impact, we
are leveraging our scale advantages to ensure we have appropriate inventory to fuel sales growth during
the important holiday season. We currently expect third quarter ending inventory to be up mid-single
digits compared to last year.

Regarding the balance sheet and cash flow, we ended the quarter with $2.7 billion in cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments. During the quarter, we paid the second quarter dividend of
$0.12 per share and completed approximately $55 million in share repurchases as part of our plan to
repurchase up to $200 million in shares this year to offset dilution. Earlier this month, we announced we
will pay a third quarter dividend of $0.12, consistent with our plan to return cash to shareholders through
a competitive dividend program. We ended the quarter with 376 million shares outstanding.

Finally, before we turn to our 2021 outlook, a brief update on the progress of our North America real
estate plan and the transition of our European operating model. Year-to-date, we've closed 24 Gap
and Banana Republic stores as part of our 350-store closure plan for North America. As a reminder, we

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

expect we will be about 75% complete on that plan by the end of 2021 with 189 North America stores
closed in 2020 and 75 stores expected to close this year. Old Navy and Athleta opened 25 and 13 stores,
respectively, year-to-date on a path toward 30 to 40 openings at Old Navy and 20 to 30 openings at
Athleta.

Regarding the partner to amplify strategy we're deploying in our European market, we've announced
that we are in discussions to move to a partnership model in France and Italy, and that while we will still
maintain an online presence, we will be closing our store locations in the U.K. and Ireland. Year-to-date,
we've closed 26 stores with the remaining 58 stores expected to close by the end of September. In the
short term, we're not projecting a benefit in the back half of 2021 due to employee and lease-related costs
as we wind down the stores business, but these strategic changes are expected to drive earnings accretion
on an annual basis. For some helpful context, in fiscal 2019, the European market generated $539 million
in net sales. About half of these sales were generated by the U.K. and Ireland stores at a slight operating
loss.

Now I'd like to provide an update on our full year financial outlook. We're providing both the reported
and adjusted outlook for the year. Earnings per share are now expected to be in the range of $1.90 to
$2.05 on a reported basis, which includes nonrecurring charges related to divestitures and the impact
of changes to our European operating model totaling approximately $0.20. Excluding these charges, we
expect adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.25, a $0.50 increase to our prior guidance. We now
expect sales growth of about 30% versus 2020. This incorporates the loss of sales due to store closures in
the U.K. and Ireland.

Reported operating margin is expected to be about 7%. Our adjusted operating margin is expected to be
about 7.5%, an increase of 150 basis points versus prior guidance and puts us well on the path to the
10%-plus goal laid out in our Power Plan 2023.

As we developed this outlook, we considered a number of scenarios, carefully balancing the benefits
related to our brand strength, new product offerings and loyalty program against the near-term expense
from inflation and supply chain pressures, including sizable investments in air freight to partially mitigate
longer lead times and shipping delays so that our inventories will be well positioned to compete during
back-to-school and holiday.

Regarding capital expenditures, we continue to expect to spend approximately $800 million for the full
year. Our strong cash generation is enabling investments in our sustainable growth strategy. With a sharp
focus on ROIC, we're targeting high return investments in digital, loyalty and supply chain capacity, in
addition to store growth at Old Navy and Athleta.

As I look forward, I'm energized by the following: first is that our strategic approach to growth is working.
As Sonia articulated, we're driving growth in existing categories, and we're targeting new addressable
share rooted in customer trends with initiatives like BODEQUALITY at Old Navy and Athleta Canada
launching in Q3. And our study of the home body economy and wellness trends may open the door to
other new and exciting growth categories and services in 2022 and beyond.

Next is our acute focus on customer lifetime value. With the formal launch of our integrated loyalty
program in July, we're significantly increasing our ability to attract -- interact with customers in a more
personalized and meaningful way. The program has already grown to over 40 million members. And
based on the early results from the program's soft launch last fall, we expect to see increased purchase
frequency and higher average order size from loyalty members.

In addition to driving better transaction economics within a brand, the program encourages consumers to
become multi-brand loyalists through our universal rewards program. Loyalty is just one way that we've
doubled down on building deep relationships with our customers that result in stickiness and deliver value.

Finally, our commitment to transforming the fixed costs in the business into demand-generating dollars for
investment or EBIT expansion is showing results. Our fleet rationalization is deeply underway. Our smaller
brands have been divested and our partner to amplify strategy for international operations is in flight.
We've also begun to pivot our technology investment towards the digitization of the enterprise. From our

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

inventory management transformation and shipping optimization work, to productivity improvements in
stores using technology and proven automation practices from our DCs, we are now developing a road
map for leveraging the use of data and AI to unlock trapped costs, increase speed and aid in decision-
making, proactively unlocking investment dollars to drive long-term growth.
With that, I'll now turn the call over to the operator for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on a really strong quarter. So maybe two-part question. For Sonia, at Old Navy, I guess as we
think about the 18% comp growth relative to 2019 as well as 20% growth or more in the front half, I
guess, how do you rank drivers of the top line inflection you're seeing? Any thoughts on back-to-school so
far?

And then Katrina, on your updated 30% revenue guidance for the year, I think it implies double-digit back
half net sales growth relative to 2019, and that's versus 6% in the front half. So just any drivers and your
confidence in that embedded revenue growth acceleration in the back half of the year would be great.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Okay, Matt. Nice to hear from you. So I'll start with the back-to-school component first around Old Navy.
And as you know, for American families, this back-to-school season will be the first in over a year and
Old Navy is prepared as is Gap Brand. And together, they hold 9% of kids and baby market share, so a
position of strength.

And as we think about that, as we think about their BODEQUALITY launch, which just happened, offering
the entire women's assortment from double 0 to size 30 in stores and online at the same price, and one
of the biggest launches in the brand's history, those 2 drivers of growth is something that we're confident
in. And coupled with the science that Old Navy is building into its operating model, right? The inventory
management transformations they're driving, as an example, which is aligned for a greater position of
matching of supply/demand in their stores and in their DCs. So 3 great drivers, and I think we feel quite
confident in our outlook and the momentum of Old Navy.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. When it comes to the company and the acceleration you're referring to in revenue in the back half, I
think what's exciting to us and what you heard in some of our prepared remarks is that our strategy really
is about continuing to take market share in the core categories in which we dominate, so whether that's
denim or active or kids and baby, but then also continue to supplement those core categories with new
addressable markets like the BODEQUALITY launch, which will drive incremental value in the back half
at Old Navy or the Athleta Canada entry, which will drive incremental value for Athleta, then combined
with new lifetime value levers like loyalty launch, and then all supplemented by an incremental marketing
spend that continues to drive profitable sales for us.

So it's really this layering effect of initiatives and capabilities against our great brand strength that's
driving that level of growth in the back half.

Operator

And we will go to our next question from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Katrina, Sonia, I guess I would ask about Gap Brand specifically on the YEEZY collaboration. I mean that
was pretty interesting, the 75% of the preorders from non-Gap customers. I'd love to hear a little bit more
about that.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

And then I mean, Sonia, I think on the last conference call, you said you'd had more to share with us in
a few months. So it's been a few months, and you've got a little bit more in front of you, can you help us
out with timing? Or just anything else along the launch would be great.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Sure, Ike. So as we spoke last quarter, we said we would launch in Q2, and we launched YEEZY
Gap with the beginning of an iconic new product around jacket, and we have preorders. Sold it in North
America, in Tokyo and in Europe, and it's had a great response. We've had a much younger customer.
We've had 75% of those customers being new to the Gap Brand. And so we're excited to be out the gate.

And what I would say is this is a strategic partnership, it's a long-term partnership. And when we think
about the -- where we expect it to be now, we're pleased with the customer response that's validating this
partnership. We're pleased with the product and the product and pipeline that we have coming. And so
more to come. And I think the coolest of it will mean we don't really reveal that much on our earnings call
versus out there on Twitter or something, but more to come in the coming months and years.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I think we would say that it's following a creative process versus a more traditional process. And
so that will lead to incremental excitement as the -- as this all builds, but it also leads to sort of a different
path. And so again, the Round Jacket launch and the customer acquisition we're seeing there is really
giving us great confidence in the long-term potential of this partnership.

Operator

And we'll go next to Adrienne Yih of Barclays.

Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Sonia and Katrina, I have to say I don't think I've ever seen a speed of transformation like the one
you set in motion. Under 18 months, right, if I did my math correctly, so congrats.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thanks, Adrienne.

Adrienne Eugenia Yih-Tennant
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

You're welcome. So I guess, my first question is going to be the comment on all 3 brands being less
promotional. And I want to just get a feel for where is the high watermark on each of Old Navy, Banana
and Gap. It seems like Banana and Gap are just getting underway and probably have a long way to go.

And then Katrina, if you could just help us quantify either the -- well, actually both. If you can help us
quantify AUC growth and AUR growth in the second quarter and what we should expect for those in the
back half.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Let me start and then kick it over to Katrina. In terms of pricing power, we're seeing the margin
expansion, as you mentioned, but we have a long runway here. If we look at each brand and their
competitive set, we think that we have multiple years of price realization ahead of us. The first order bit
was getting the art right, the brand positioning, the product, the marketing, the store experience, right,
the fundamentals and the online experience. And we're making momentum there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

But I would say that as we invest more in marketing, as we invest more in the technology to drive yield
such as examples like inventory management or order logic or minimizing returns via the acquisition we
announced today, these are all multiple drivers of growth. And then layer on top of that, our new loyalty
program, which we all know is a proven mechanism to drive price and customer value. So we think we've
got multiple prongs of price realization ahead of us. And I'll turn it over to Katrina to pick up the rest.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I think that's right. I mean we continue to have confidence that we'll grow our AURs in the back half
of this year based on everything Sonia just said, whether it's the marketing that's driving significant brand
health, whether it's the product categories in which we compete or some of the new capabilities we're
launching at Old Navy that we'll deploy next year at Gap and Banana around yield optimization. All of that
gives us great confidence in the AUR expansion in the back half.

I'm not going to comment on AUC, other than to say our outlook already contemplates any potential
increases in AUC that would come from the incremental airfreight that we've put in. And as Sonia
mentioned, and I mentioned, we are spending money on air freight to compete in the back half so that we
have the right inventory here to be able to continue our market share grab in the back half of the year.

And so that's all contemplated in the raised guidance we gave today. And so we feel quite confident that
our strategically advantaged supply chain is giving us the opportunity to compete well, combined with
then the AUR and price elasticity that we have in the back half.

Operator

And our next question comes from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.

Brooke Siler Roach
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to follow up a little bit on some of the industry-wide supply chain and product availability
pressures. There was a lot that was covered on the call so far today, but I was just wanted to understand
maybe in a little bit more detail how confident you are that you'll be able to source the merchandise that
you need for holiday and into spring, what level of pressures are embedded in your outlook from these
disruptions, and whether there are any pockets of inventory that may be tougher to source that your
customer is looking for.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, happy to answer that. And you may be aware that my background is supply chain and manufacturing.
And so as we have navigated the last few months and some of the headwinds, here's our advantages. We
have big, powerful relationships with our manufacturers across multiple countries of origin. So if there's
a country like Vietnam that we've all read about having some COVID concerns, we're able to work with
these partners across multiple countries of their manufacturing to shift as needed.

Next, we have advantaged transportation relationship. We booked advantage -- cost advantaged air
capacity 6 months ago. So we're not paying spot rates. We're being strategic here. We have vessel
capacity that is fast and giving us speed advantage. So you couple all of these nodes in the supply chain
together and you then apply that against our 1 billion units a year. And this is where scale matters. So
we will be first out of the gate with some of our vendors, and also we will pay the least amount for the
advantaged speed that we are investing in.

So we feel good about navigating what is a very volatile environment, certainly, and changes all the time,
but we have real-time -- near real-time visibility to what's coming, and it's all baked into our forecast.

Operator

And we will go next to Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to ask if you have any outlook in the back half of the year by brand, how we should think about
the revenue breakdown. And just on the supply chain question, you talked about a sizable increase in air
freight in the back half of the year. I just wanted to know if you had any color on magnitude there.

And if you could just remind us what percentage of your inventory you have historically sourced from
Vietnam that you would be looking to sort of reallocate to other countries, that would be great.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Sure, Kimberly. So when we think about the second half revenue, we don't actually break that out by
brand. But as we've said, we have strength at Old Navy driven by the sizable kids and baby denim and
active businesses that we have combined with BODEQUALITY launching. And so as you can imagine, as we
talked about some of the incremental volume that's coming from Old Navy with the BODEQUALITY launch,
and then Athleta continues its momentum and also is entering with online in Canada in the back half as
well as having the Simon Biles relationship really begin to take traction with the girl customer there. So
that's how to think about those 2 brands.

And then at Banana Republic, we really do expect that with the fall season, we will begin to see their new
marketing and execution on their website and in stores with products start to take hold, fall into holiday.
And at Gap, I think you're seeing that the Core Gap is very strong in the North American market. I think
we gave you some color on how to think about the U.K. and Ireland stores and the revenue that we'll see
loss there, but then also the better profit impact going forward in 2022, what that will be. So I know lots
of pieces to the puzzle, but that's how to think about the revenue by brand.

As far as the air costs, we haven't quantified that, but it is significant. And we are obviously -- as Sonia
said, we've actually taken a bunch of capacity in the market about 6 months ago. So we're actually
evaluating daily, weekly, hourly what of that capacity to use and when. So it's really evolving and all the
possible scenarios are really contemplated in the updated raised guidance that we gave you today.

And then I think you had a question on inventory. So remind me the last part.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Vietnam, sorry. Sorry, it was just which piece -- what percentage of inventory have you sourced from
Vietnam historically, either last year or the year before, that you would look to relocate to another
country?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Vietnam is the top supply country for us. It's an important country. And I'd say that as we think about
countries of origin, we are able to get manufacturing out of Vietnam and use accelerated transportation
to make up any slowness coming out of the factories as we deal with factory closures and temporary days
lost, for example. We also have the strategic partnerships that have product based in Vietnam and other
parts of Southeast Asia, in India and Latin America, et cetera.

So the flexibility to move across countries of origin for our big billion-dollar relationships that we have with
our manufacturers is what's giving us the agility to navigate the COVID impact as it has its impact to it
around the world, including Vietnam. Hopefully, that's helpful.

Operator

And ladies and gentlemen, that does concludes today's question-and-answer session and our conference
for today. We appreciate everyone's participation. You may now disconnect.

Sonia Syngal

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

CEO, President & Director
Thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you at the end of the third
quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE GAP, INC. FQ2 2022 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 26, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

