The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. 

NYSE:EL
FQ4 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 19, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2021-

-FQ1 2022-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.50

0.78

56.00

1.75

6.18

6.45

4.37

7.23

3751.29

3940.00

5.03

4259.06

16053.81

16229.00

1.09

18421.33

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-19-2021 2:00 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

FQ4 2021

0.90

1.69

1.32

0.50

1.44

2.61

1.62

0.78

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

60.00 %

54.44 %

22.73 %

56.00 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

13

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Laraine A. Mancini
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

ANALYSTS

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Unknown Analyst

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the The Estée Lauder Companies Fiscal 2021 Fourth Quarter and Full
Year Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and webcast.

For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations, Ms. Rainey Mancini.

Laraine A. Mancini
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Hello. On today's call are Fabrizio Freda, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Travis,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Since many of our remarks today contain forward-looking statements, let me refer you to our press
release and our reports filed with the SEC where you'll find factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from these forward-looking statements. To facilitate the discussion of our underlying business,
the commentary on our financial results and expectations is before restructuring and other charges and
adjustments disclosed in our press release. Unless otherwise stated, all net sales growth numbers are in
constant currency and all organic results exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, brand closures
and the impact of currency translation.

You can find reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our press release and on the
Investors section of our website. As a reminder, references to online sales include sales we make directly
to our consumers through our brand.com sites and through third-party platforms. It also includes
estimated sales of our products through Retailer's websites. [Operator Instructions]

And now I'll turn the call over to Fabrizio.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Rainey, and hello, everyone. I hope you and your families are in good health, and our hearts
continue to be with those impacted by COVID-19.

We delivered outstanding performance amid the pandemic in fiscal year 2021, capped with an exceptional
fourth quarter and powered by our dynamic multiple engines of growth strategy as well as the timeless
desirability of prestige beauty. In a year of pain and sorrow, our employees cared for each other,
their families and our company with compassion, creativity and [ resolve ]. While the challenges of
COVID-19 persist, we confidently begin fiscal year 2022 as a stronger company, full of aspiration for the
opportunities of tomorrow.

For fiscal year 2021, sales rose 11% as we pivoted our energy resources to the growth engines of skin
care, fragrance, Asia/Pacific, travel retail in Asia/Pacific and global online. Impressively, 8 brands grew
double digits, led by Estée Lauder, La Mer and Jo Malone London. Multiple waves and variants of COVID-19
to the extent the center reach were unexpected a year ago drove volatility and variability throughout the
year.

We saw reopenings revert to closing, and reopenings in one market meant with renewed lockdowns in
other markets. Despite this, we delivered on the goal we set last August for sales growth to improve
sequentially each quarter.

Our sales exceeded $16 billion for the first time ever, up 9% from fiscal year 2019 on a reported basis,
fueled by skin care and fragrance. Adjusted operating margin expanded to 18.9%, which is 140 basis
points above fiscal year 2019 as we invested in today's strongest growth engines, managed cost with
discipline and funded long-term growth opportunities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Adjusted diluted earnings per share rose 21% relative to 2 years ago. We delivered these excellent results
while pushing our social impact and sustainability goals and commitment.

First and foremost, we remain focused on employee and consumer safety and well-being. We achieved
important milestones for our 2025 sustainability goals, expanded our inclusion, diversity and equity
programs, defined a strategy for women's advancement and gender equality and advanced work toward
our racial equity commitments.

Here are a few among the many areas of our progress. We achieved net 0 carbon emissions and 100%
renewable electricity globally for our own operations. We also set science-based emissions reduction
target, addressing Scope 1 and 2 for our direct operation and certain elements of Scope 3 for our value
chain, signaling our new level of ambition for climate actions.

We launched ingredient glossaries for 7 additional brands, such that 11 brands now offer this insightful
content. We transformed our traditional inclusion, diversity and equity week into a blockbuster virtual
experience, with 35 events involving thousands of participants from 25 countries. We also introduced new
educational offerings, including 4 antiracism and inclusive leadership. We expanded our [ growth road-
led ] employee resource groups, which served as a source of support and comfort throughout the tumult
of last year.

The women leadership network is our largest group and is now global, with its expansion into Latin
America and Asia/Pacific. We created 2 new leadership programs for women and black employees. The
open door women's leadership program is a unique intensive course to develop our next generation of
women leaders. Building on its success, we designed the Opening Doors collection, a self-guided program
to bring these leadership skills to all our employees around the world.

[ The form ] every chair leadership and development program is successfully held to ensure that
black employees have equitable access to leadership trainings, mentorships, career development and
advancement opportunity as well as to build a stronger, more inclusive network of talent across the
organization by promoting visibility and facilitating leadership connections points with participants.

Our new partnership with Howard University focused on its alumina-hosted 12 engaging events and
launched an accelerator program to help increase the pipeline for black talent with career, coaching,
professional training and self-empowering networking.

Let me now turn to product innovation, which serve as an impactful catalyst for growth in fiscal year 2021.
Innovation represented over 30% of sales, exceeding our expectations. We combine data analytics with
our creative talent and R&D to successfully anticipate scale and set trends across categories. The Estée
Lauder brand achieved its fourth consecutive year of double-digit sales growth in fiscal year 2021, fueled
by strength across its many hero franchises in skin care. Trusted products, along with innovation, were
highly sold from Shanghai to New York, Paris and now Sao Paulo, given the brand's well-received launch in
Brazil.

Advanced Night Repair newly reformulated serum sparked excellent sales growth. Revitalizing Supreme's
new Supreme+ Bright Moisturizer, further bolstered the accelerating franchise, while Re-Nutriv new eye
serum served and created a halo effect on demand.

In makeup, the brand's double wear Futurist and pure Pure Color franchises produced significant double-
digit sales growth in the fourth quarter and exciting early signs of makeup renaissance. La Mer delivered
outstanding double-digit sales growth in the fiscal year as innovation soared and engaging campaigns with
iconic ingredient-based narratives drove demand for its hero products.

The new Genaissance de la Mer Concentrated Night Balm proved highly sought-after and expanded
the brand's ultra luxury franchise as it both welcomed new consumers and captivated loyal consumers
globally.

Clinique skin care excelled in fiscal year 2021. Sales rose double digits and powered the brands to high
single-digit sales growth. The brand successfully met consumer needs through the launch of Moisture
Surge 100 Hour with its unique hydration benefits and target solution for hard-to-solve skin care problem

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

like Even Better Clinical Interrupter. Clinique showcased its promise for makeup renaissance with stellar
double-digit category growth in the fourth quarter with the new Even Better Clinical serum foundation and
Even Better concealer capitalizing on its skin care authority.

All told, our robust skin care portfolio from entry prestige to luxury and across subcategories is fulfilling
the [indiscernible] needs around the world. Dr. Jart+ with its [indiscernible] derma brand positioning and
hero products delivered strong double-digit organic sales growth in the second half of fiscal year 2021. In
May, we amplified the strength of our skin care portfolio as we became a majority owner of DECIEM with
its coveted ingredient-based brand, The Ordinary, and emerging science-driven NIOD brand as part of its
portfolio.

Complementing skin care strength, fragrance delivered striking sequential sales growth acceleration
throughout the year. Each of our luxury and artisanal fragrance brand contributed meaningfully from Jo
Malone London to Tom Ford Beauty, Le Labo, Kilian Paris and Frédéric Malle in both established fragrance
markets of the West and emerging fragrance market of the East. Tom Ford Beauty's private blend
franchise is both recruiting new consumers and driving strong repeat in markets newly embracing the
category, with the brand's [ drag ] and sales more than doubling in Mainland China during the year.

The Asia/Pacific region was another dynamic growth engine in fiscal year 2021 as annual sales growth
accelerated from 18% to 22% led by Mainland China where sales rose strong double digits. Korea grew
organically. Several smaller markets also contributed to Asia/Pacific's strengths. The region, however,
experienced increasing pressure from the pandemic as the year evolves with Japan and many markets
in Southeast Asia, particularly impacted from renewed lockdowns in the second half. Mainland China
prospered as we invested in its vibrancy of today, an opportunity of tomorrow. We entered more cities,
reaching 145, expanded our presence in specialty-multi, opened the freestanding doors and increased our
advertising spending.

Skin care and fragrance sales grew strong double digit for the fiscal year. We are encouraged that the
makeup accelerated to double-digit sales growth in the second half.

Our brands delivered excellent results for the key events of Tmall's 11.11 Global Shopping Festival and
6.18 Mid-year Shopping Festival as engaging live streaming generated product discovery for many new
consumers. For the recent 6.18 among Tmall beauty flagship stores, the Estée Lauder brand ranked #1 in
total beauty, while La Mer ranked first in luxury beauty and Jo Malone London led the fragrance category.
To further capture the market [indiscernible] online growth opportunity, we are continuing to invest in
Tmall and brand.com to expand our capabilities. Most recently, some brands increased coverage of a
different demographic by launching on JD in July.

With international travel largely curtailed, we expanded our investment in the dynamic travel retail
development of Hainan [ island ] to serve the Chinese consumers in the best possible way given the island
tremendous traffic growth and higher duty free purchase limits. Our brands further elevated the in-store
and prepaid shopping experiences, delivered ideal merchandising and leveraged live streaming to drive
strong sales growth.

Looking at channels. Online strive globally in fiscal year 2021, characterized by strong double-digit
sales gain and step change in its power as a growth engine. We accelerated our consumer-facing digital
infrastructure and fulfillment investments. The challenge is now more than twice as big as it was 2 years
ago and greatly benefit from its diversification as each of brand.com third-party platforms, retail.com and
pure-play retailers delivered outstanding performance.

During the year, brand.com came to epitomize the allure of a luxury flagship store for each brands,
localized by market and reimagined with our classic high-touch services. We expanded virtual trainer, live
streaming, omnichannel capabilities and consultations with our expert beauty advisers. Consumers at all
ages explored, replenished and engaged in an immersive environment of entertainment and community.
Our brands increasingly leveraged the exciting trends in social commerce by integrating with Instagram,
WeChat, Snapchat and others. Estée Lauder launched on TikTok with the Night Done Right hashtag,
driving nearly 12 billion views and the creation of almost 2 million videos. It challenge [indiscernible]

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

diverse creators to educate a younger audience on how important is to take care of your skin at night,
showcasing Advanced Night Repair.

Clinique zit happens campaigns on TikTok became a viral sensation, highlighting the brand acne solution,
[ exposing ] the creation of nearly 700,000 videos on the app. Together, these and other strategic actions
delivered exceptional results for brand.com as new consumers, conversion, basket size, repeat and loyalty
members grew considerably. Beyond the favorable growth rates, the direct relationship we fostered with
consumers enabled us to better optimize engagement in-store and online, offering exciting future growth
opportunities.

We are investing across all channels of online, collaborating with traditional and pure-play retailers on
initiatives to actualize prestige beauty online potential. We spoke on the last call about having expanded
our presence with pure-play retailers, which continued into the fourth quarter, most especially in EMEA.
And as I discussed a few minutes ago, we are expanding our consumer coverage in Mainland China.

For fiscal year 2022, we expect these growth engines of skin care, fragrance, Asia/Pacific, travel retail
Asia/Pacific and global online to continue to try, owing to our strong repeat purchase rates, sophisticated
data analytics, drive consumer acquisitions and retention, high-touch online services and robust innovation
pipeline.

Three compelling skin care innovation recently launched: Estée Lauder new Advanced Night Repair Eye
Matrix is focused on lines in every eye zone, while La Mer The Hydrating Infused Emulsion is designed
to replenish, strengthen and stabilize skin with healing moisture and has already proven to attract new
consumers. Clinique Smart Clinical Repair Wrinkle Correcting Serum is designed to visibly reduce stubborn
lines.

Our Shanghai innovation center is expected to open in the second half of this fiscal year, enriching our
capability in product design, formulation, consumer insight and trend analytics for Chinese and Asian
consumers. Also with the new center, our East to West innovation will benefit, enabling us to create more
successes like Estée Lauder Futurist Hydra or Supreme+ Bright and La Mer, The Treatment Lotion.

As the world emerge from the pandemic, we will be the best diversified pure-play in prestige beauty as
more engines of growth contribute across categories, geographies and channels.

Makeup and hair care are poised to gradually reignite as growth engines as our developed markets in
the West and brick-and-mortar retail. Growth in emerging markets is expected to resume over time as
vaccination rates increase. We anticipate the momentum in makeup will build around the world driven by
local reopening and increase in socially professional user education, just as we saw in the fourth quarter.
Indeed, makeup started to improve to the end of fiscal year 2021 driven by our hero subcategories of
foundation and mascara. Newness in the category was highly sold, evidenced by the success of MAC
Magic Extension mascara, Too Faced lip plumper, Smashbox Halo tinted moisturizer and Bobbi Brown
Sheer pressed powder. Contributing to makeup emerging renaissance, MAC launched MAC The Moment,
a campaign linking its makeup products and artists inspire trends to key experiences such as dead night
parties, weddings and back-to-school shopping.

Too Faced expanded into browse in July with a collection that includes an innovative brow gel that add
color and texture. Similar to makeup, hair care is set to benefit from the rise of socially professional user
education as well as salon reopenings. Aveda, which is now 100% vegan, and Bumble and bumble enter
fiscal year 2022 with momentum, owing to desirable innovation and rich consumer engagement from
strong online performance globally over the past year.

As makeup and hair care reunite, we expect our engines of growth will gradually diversify by geography
and channel, initially driven by developed markets in the West and, over time, by emerging markets.

In the United States, the fourth quarter, we aligned innovation, advertised spending and in-store
activations as consumers returned to stores eager to explore beauty and experience high-touch services.
Across brick-and-mortar from regional and national department stores to specialty-multi and freestanding
stores, our business in the United States prospered, most especially in makeup and fragrance, and
exceeded our expectations.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

As we start our new fiscal year, Bobbi Brown recently debuted in Ulta Beauty. Several of our brands
launched online and in-store with Sephora at Kohl's and Ulta Beauty at Target.

In closing, we leveraged the power of our multiple engines of growth strategy to elevate the company
to new heights in fiscal year 2021. We did this while living our values with the health and well-being of
our employees as primary focused and making important progress on our social impact commitment and
sustainability goals.

Our success and agility in operating amid the challenges of the past year give us confidence for fiscal year
2022 as we expect volatility and variability from the pandemic to persist for some time to come.

This year, we are celebrating our 75th anniversary as a company and beginning our next 75 years
incredibly inspired by the opportunities of tomorrow as the leading global house of prestige beauty with
the most talented employees to whom I extend my deepest gratitude.

I will now turn the call over to Tracey.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thank you, Fabrizio, and hello, everyone. I concur with Fabrizio in thanking our incredible team who have
demonstrated great resilience during the pandemic. Navigating through the highly uneven recovery this
past year has certainly required greater agility and flexibility, and our teams across the globe rose to the
occasion, delivering superb results for the fiscal year while also establishing a stronger foundation for
future growth and profitability.

We delivered exceptional net sales growth of 56% in our fourth quarter as we anniversary pandemic-
related store closures in the prior year period. The inclusion of 6 weeks of sales from DECIEM added
approximately 3 points to growth in the quarter. Our performance also exceeded the prepandemic levels
of the fiscal 2019 fourth quarter by 9% driven by significant sales increases in Mainland China, the skin
care and fragrance categories, global online and travel retail in Asia. All 3 regions grew and all product
categories within each region grew during the quarter.

Net sales in the Americas region rose 86% against the prior year period with almost no brick-and-mortar
retail open. Throughout the quarter, consumer confidence in the U.S. grew as COVID restrictions abated
and people resume shopping in stores again. Our brands responded with strong programs supporting
recovery, new product launches and animating key brand shopping events like Mother's Day. Sales in the
region remain below fiscal '19 levels for the quarter, reflecting in part the loss of over 900 retail locations
that represented nearly $170 million in annual sales.

Additionally, makeup has historically been the largest category in the region, and the category has
yet to fully recoup sales lost during the pandemic. Nevertheless, we are encouraged by the sequential
acceleration in North American sales, which has been better than we expected.

Net sales in our Europe, the Middle East and Africa region increased 65%, with all markets contributing to
growth as COVID restrictions eased throughout the quarter.

Global travel retail, which is primarily reported in this region, continued to suffer from a significant drop
in international passenger traffic but grew strong double digits in the quarter as comparisons eased and
local tourism in China, especially to Hainan, remained robust. Across developed markets in the region,
store traffic has begun to pick up, and retailers have become more comfortable with restocking. Emerging
markets in the region saw strong retail in the quarter driven by locally relevant holiday activation, retailer
events and online performance. Sales in the region were slightly above fiscal '19 levels for the quarter,
primarily due to the resilience of travel retail.

Net sales in the Asia/Pacific region rose 30%. Virtually every country contributed to growth, although
the pace of improvement varies widely among the markets, and the resurgence of COVID has slowed
a full recovery. Sales of our products online continued to rise strong double digits in the region driven
by the successful 6.18 Shopping Festival Campaign in China and including the continued strength of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

social e-commerce. Mainland China continued to experience robust double-digit growth with broad-based
improvement across product categories, brands and channels. Other markets in the region, including
Korea, Hong Kong and Japan, grew exceptionally against prior year brick-and-mortar lockdown. Sales in
the region were 50% above 2019 levels, largely reflecting China's rapid emergence from the pandemic last
year.

Net sales in all product categories grew sharply this quarter. And skin care, fragrance and hair care drove
higher sales in fiscal 2019.

Fragrance led growth with net sales rising 150% versus prior year. Luxury fragrances resonated with
consumers looking for self-care and indulgence and among Chinese consumers increasingly attracted to
the category. Home, Bath & Body products have also gained traction during the pandemic and help to
attract new consumers. Jo Malone London saw recovery to prepandemic levels in brick-and-mortar. And
the brand's blossom and brit collections were popular in Asia. Standouts from Tom Ford Beauty include the
recent launch of Tubéreuse Nue and the continued strength of Bitter Peach and Rose Prick.

Net sales in makeup jumped 70% against the prior year that reflected the greatest beauty category
impact of COVID-19, particularly in Western markets where makeup is the largest category. The makeup
category in prestige beauty has proven to be especially sensitive to brick-and-mortar recovery due to the
use of testers and in-store services by consumers. Estée Lauder saw strong growth of Futurist and double
wear foundations in Asia, and MAC liquid lip color and eye products, especially mascara, outperformed.

Hair care net sales grew 52% as salons and stores reopened. The launch of the Aveda's blonde revival
shampoo and conditioner also contributed to category growth, adding to other strong innovation programs
over the past several months from Aveda.

Net sales in skin care continued to thrive. They rose 42% in the quarter driven by strong increases from
the La Mer, Estée Lauder, Clinique and Dr. Jart+ brands, particularly in Asia. Skin care sales growth also
benefited from the addition of DECIEM in the quarter by approximately 4 percentage points.

Our gross margin improved 650 basis points compared to the fourth quarter last year. This favorability
reflected significant improvements in obsolescence and manufacturing efficiencies compared to the prior
year impact of COVID-19 on our sales and on our manufacturing locations.

Operating expenses rose 36% driven by the planned increase in advertising and selling costs to support
the reopening of retail and the recovery. Additionally, we sharply curtailed spending last year in response
to the onset of the pandemic, and some of these costs were reinstated, primarily compensation.

We delivered operating income of $385 million for the quarter compared to a $228 million operating loss in
the prior year quarter. Diluted earnings per share of $0.78 included $0.02 of favorable currency translation
and $0.02 dilution from the acquisition of DECIEM. Our full year results reflect the benefits of our strategic
focus as we leaned into current growth drivers and invested behind future areas of growth while effectively
managing both costs and cash.

The sequential acceleration of our business throughout the year culminated in net sales growth of 11%.
The strength of Chinese consumer demand, both at home and in travel retail, the resilience of the skin
care and fragrance categories and the momentum we drove in our online channels all supported our
growth.

Our distribution mix continued to evolve even as brick-and-mortar reopened. Sales of our products
through all online channels continue to thrive as they rose 34% for the year and represented 28% of
sales. Despite the continued curtailment of international travel, our business in the travel retail channel
grew, ending fiscal 2021 at 29% of sales. Among brick-and-mortar retail, specialty-multi and perfumeries
grew, while department stores and freestanding stores experienced the greatest impact from the ongoing
pandemic and declined for the year.

Our gross margin rose 120 basis points to 76.4% driven by favorable pricing, lower obsolescence,
increased manufacturing efficiencies and lower cost for testers and stores, and partially offset by currency
due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar. Operating expenses declined 300 basis points to 57.5% of sales.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Selling and store operating costs decreased as high service stores were either closed for part of the
year or they reopened with reduced traffic and staffing levels. Additionally, in-store merchandising costs
decreased, while advertising investments, primarily digital media, rose faster than sales to support our
brands and the recovery. We achieved significant savings from our cost initiatives, including Leading
Beauty Forward and the preliminary benefits from the post-COVID business acceleration program, and
this gave us the flexibility to reinvest in necessary capabilities, absorb some of the inflation in media and
logistics costs as well as support the reinstatement of certain compensation elements that were reduced or
frozen due to the onset of the pandemic.

Our full year operating margin was 18.9%, representing a 420 basis point improvement over last year and
140 basis points above fiscal 2019. This year also includes 50 basis points of dilution from the inclusion of
Dr. Jart+ and DECIEM.

Our effective tax rate for the year was 18.7%, a decrease of 450 basis points over the prior year, primarily
driven by the geographic mix of earnings, which included a favorable onetime adjustment for fiscal years
2019 and 2020 related to recently issued GILTI tax regulations. Net earnings rose 57% to $2.4 billion and
diluted EPS increased 57% to $6.45. Earnings per share includes $0.11 accretion from currency translation
and $0.08 dilution from the acquisition of Dr. Jart+ and DECIEM.

In fiscal 2021, we recorded $148 million after-tax or $0.40 per share of impairment charges related to
our Smashbox and GLAMGLOW brand as well as certain freestanding retail stores. Restructuring and other
charges related primarily to the post-COVID business acceleration program were $176 million after-tax
or $0.48 per share. These charges were more than offset by the onetime gain on our minority interest in
DECIEM of $847 million after-tax or $2.30 per share.

The Post-COVID Business Acceleration Program is progressing quickly, with projects underway across
all regions. We have closed nearly 500 doors or counters, including about 50 freestanding stores under
the program in fiscal 2021. We also closed approximately 100 additional freestanding stores outside of
the program and upon lease expiration, primarily in North America and in Europe. We realigned our go-
to-market organizations to better reflect our evolving channel mix. We are also winding down certain
brands such as BECCA and RODIN. These actions are expected to continue into fiscal 2022. For the total
program, we continue to expect to take charges of between $400 million and $500 million through fiscal
2022 and generate savings of $300 million to $400 million before tax by fiscal 2023, a portion of which will
be reinvested.

We continue to focus on maintaining strong liquidity while also investing for future growth during the year.
Cash generated from operations rose 59% to $3.6 billion, primarily reflecting the higher net earnings.
We utilized $637 million for capital improvement, supporting increased capacity and other supply chain
improvements, further e-commerce development and information technology. We repaid $750 million of
debt outstanding from our revolving credit facility, issued $600 million of new long-term debt and retired
$450 million of debt. We used $1.1 billion net of cash acquired to increase our ownership interest in
DECIEM, and we returned $1.5 billion in cash to stockholders during the year via increased dividends and
the reinstatement of share repurchase activity in the second half of the fiscal year.

So looking ahead to fiscal 2022, we are encouraged by the increasing vaccination rates and reopening
of markets around the world. We look forward to the resumption of international travel, increasing foot
traffic in brick-and-mortar retail and the development of our recent acquisitions. We are still mindful,
however, that the recovery has evolved unevenly, and some markets are seeing their third or fourth waves
of COVID, including increasing effects of new more contagious strains of the virus hindering a return
to normal life. This has been particularly evident in the U.S. over the past several weeks. Additionally,
increasing climate and geopolitical events make it difficult to predict the corresponding impact on our
business.

Nevertheless, given the strength of our programs, we are cautiously optimistic, and therefore, providing
a range of sales and EPS expectations for the fiscal year, caveated with the following underlying
assumptions: progressive recovery in the makeup category as full vaccination rates increase and mask-
wearing abates in Western markets during the first half of the fiscal year; beginning of the resumption of
international travel in the second half of the fiscal year; the addition of new retail accounts for some of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

our brands should provide broader access to new consumers, notably through Sephora at Kohl's and Ulta
at Target in North America and the addition of JD.com in China online; the inclusion of incremental sales
from DECIEM, benefiting sales growth for the fiscal year, primarily in the Americas and EMEA regions and
in the skin care category; pricing is expected to add approximately 3 points of growth, helping to offset
inflation risk in freight, media, labor and commodities; increased advertising support as markets reopen
and further investment behind select capabilities, including data analytics, innovation, technology and
sustainability initiatives while maintaining good cost discipline elsewhere.

We forecast increasing benefits from our post-COVID business acceleration program as it ramps up this
year. Approximately $200 million of the cost we cut during the pandemic are expected to be reinstated.
These primarily include hiring, travel and meeting expenses, furloughs and other leaves of absence and
compensation.

In addition to these assumptions, there are a few nonoperating items you should be aware of as you
adjust your models. Our full year effective tax rate is expected to return to a more normalized level of
approximately 23% from 18.7% in fiscal 2021. Net interest and investment expense is expected to be
around $150 million. The increase is primarily due to the comparison to last year when we recorded the
benefit of our minority interest in DECIEM through May 18, 2021. At that time, we acquired a majority
ownership in DECIEM, and we began to fully consolidate the entire business and deduct the portion of the
income we don't own as a charge to net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest. This charge is
expected to be less than $5 million in fiscal 2022.

Net cash flows from operating activities are forecast between $3.2 billion and $3.4 billion. Capital
expenditures are planned at approximately 5% of projected sales as we develop additional manufacturing
and distribution capacity, notably for the building of our new facility in Japan. We also expect to fund
more robust research and development capabilities in China and North America, increase investment in
technology and support new distribution and e-commerce for our brands. Our CapEx plan for the year also
includes some spending deferred from last year.

Also, beginning in fiscal 2022, we plan to introduce the concept of organic sales growth in our earnings
materials and investor presentations. Organic growth adjust reported sales growth for both currency and
changes in structure such as acquisitions, divestitures and brand closures. This should help provide a more
meaningful understanding of the performance of our comparable business.

Additionally, reflecting the level of volatility still in the environment, we are at this point widening our
guidance ranges for the year. For the full fiscal year, organic net sales are forecasted to grow 9% to 12%.
Based on August 13 spot rates of 1 17 for the euro, 1.381 for the pound, 11 64 for the Korean Won and
6.479 for the Chinese yuan, we expect currency translation to add 1 point to reported sales growth for
the full fiscal year. As I mentioned earlier, this range excludes approximately 3 points from acquisitions,
divestitures and brand closures, primarily the inclusion of DECIEM.

Diluted EPS is expected to range between $7.23 and $7.38 before restructuring and other charges. This
includes approximately $0.19 of accretion from currency translation. In constant currency, we expect EPS
to rise by 9% to 12%. This also includes approximately $0.03 accretion from DECIEM.

At this time, we expect organic sales for our first quarter to rise 11% to 13%. The incremental sales from
acquisitions, divestitures and brand closures are expected to add about 3 points to reported growth, and
currency is expected to be accretive by approximately 3 points.

Operating expenses are expected to rise in the first quarter as we invest in the reopening and recovery
of brick-and-mortar retail around the world and some of the temporary cost measures start to ease. We
expect first quarter EPS of $1.55 to $1.65. Currency is expected to be accretive to EPS by $0.05, and
DECIEM is forecast to have no impact.

In closing, while we are cautious about the uneven recovery to date, we remain confident about the
strategic actions we continue to take to support sustainable, profitable growth post-pandemic and the
agility we have demonstrated this past year. On behalf of the entire Estée Lauder Companies leadership

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

team, we give thanks to our incredible teams around the world for their extraordinary efforts to manage
during this unprecedented period.
And that concludes our prepared remarks. We'll be happy to take your questions at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from the line of Dara Mohsenian with
Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Can you give us an update on how much of the incremental e-commerce business and new customers you
obtained during COVID or proving sticky now that we fully cycle COVID? And perhaps also just give us
a sense for expectations for e-commerce sales growth in fiscal '22 and how you sort of think about that
versus a COVID boost. And then longer term, can you also spend some time just discussing how you're
better using or upgrading technology to drive e-commerce sales longer term?

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

So let me start. First of all, I would say the large majority of our online progress during COVID is very
sticky. And keep in mind that we attracted also many new consumers. The new consumer were also
among the older consumers, and they really liked it. And so we see they're coming back and they're
staying even when store reopens, obviously, with a different balance. But this is definitely happening. But
then in total, our online is -- continue to grow, and we expect this to continue to grow for many years to
come, and the trend will not stop after COVID. Also our online mix, which is 3PP in China, for example,
which, as you heard from the prepared remarks, flying our last 18.6 event, was really strong. And then
retail.com for many retailers around the world is booming, pure-play, which is very much growing and
then brand.com. And obviously, brand.com, in the moment -- the part of brand.com in the moment, there
is the big reopening and people go back to store will temporarily stabilize or slightly decrease but then will
start growing again. That's our expectation.

So overall, all in all, our online business will continue to progress as a percentage of total business over
the next years.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

And keep in mind, Dara, we also explained in our prepared remarks that we do have some new customers.
So retailer.com should pick up as well with the U.S. expansion of Ulta into Target and Sephora into Kohl's
and the same with JD in China. So again, we've got, as Fabrizio said, very strong plans for online again
this year and expect that it will again increase as a percent of our penetration of sales.

As it relates to technology, we are investing quite a bit in our e-commerce platform to enable capabilities,
many of which we have spoken about, whether it's virtual try-on, our data analytics that certainly support
are being able to more personalize experiences for consumers and many other capabilities and beyond
online where we continue to invest in the consumer experience in our stores and in other areas as well. So
we do have a robust technology investment plan that I would expect to continue over the next couple of
years. We're also investing in new technology in our new facility in -- that is opening in a couple of years
in Japan, and it will be a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility. So it will leverage quite a bit of technology
also.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Olivia Tong with Raymond James.

Olivia Tong Cheang
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about Asia/Pacific and the improvement there and if
you could talk about the drivers there. You mentioned the strength of 6.18. So should we expect more
quarterly variability in Asia, whether because of 6.18 or 11.11 and how that could influence how the
year develops? And then if you could just talk a little bit about the current trends given another uptick in
volatility associated with the pandemic.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

I mean there is very, very big strengths in Asia/Pacific that we will continue in the long term. Obviously, as
we said in the prepared remarks, there's been some pandemic issues [indiscernible] places like Japan and
some parts of Southeast Asia, which become an obstacle to this. So a temporary obstacle to this growth
in these specific markets. But overall, Asia/Pacific will continue to be very strong and will be led by China
whose progress we will continue to develop in our opinion. And also, that's what's happening so far.

Now the -- what you call variability of sales, meaning up and downs of sales in Asia/Pacific, particularly
in China, frankly, it's more about seasonality. There is a clear seasonality like there is in the U.S., like
there is in Europe. And there are holiday moments, Chinese New Year moments, moments where the
Chinese population travel, moments in which they are more home, moment where there are festivities and
there are moments of the year where certain products, particularly in skin care, more used than others,
obviously, there is important elements of seasonality. Now the good news, we are completely on top of
those, and we manage seasonality with anticipation. And that's why our quarter-by-quarter year programs
are pretty well articulated and recognized consumer seasonality and trade promotionality period in a very
accurate way at this point of time. So this is a leverage point rather than an issue. That's why I will not
call it variability but rather seasonality.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I will start with the discussion of 3% contribution from pricing in '22. I know there's always some pricing in
the business, it's somewhat subtle at least from a consumer standpoint. But 3% just sounded higher than
usual to me. So I was curious if it's more centered in categories and brands. Are there areas where you
just like the momentum is so strong that it's not an untapped opportunity? Or is this more in response to
the broadly inflationary environment?

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Well, as you mentioned, Lauren, we take pricing every year usually in the 2% to 2.5% range. We
are taking approximately 3% of pricing this year. And yes, it is certainly considering the inflationary
environment that we're operating in. We do take differential pricing. So that is an average across all of our
markets, all of our brands. And -- but -- so there's no specific category that we're taking any more pricing
in than others, but it is tiered certainly by the tiering of our brand portfolio.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

And I just want to add, we do have the ability to price where there is the opportunity. And because of our
loyalty, [ activity ] levels, et cetera, obviously, in certain markets with spaces. And so we are planning
because of the current inflationary environment, as you said, to take about half a point more prices than
in the previous years, and this is completely justified. And this, combined with our cost saving programs,
which should allow us to manage the inflation without any negative impact, neither of our advertising nor
on our profitability, and that's our plan.

The other thing I want to say about our flexibility on pricing is that with the kind of success we are having
on innovation and the kind of very attractiveness of our innovation, that can command luxury pricing very

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

easily because of the great grade quality that we are deploying to the consumers. And at the moment, you
have between 20%, 30% every year of this coming from innovation, you can imagine that we can decide
the pricing of 20%, 30% every year based also on our intent and the power of our innovation. So this is
an extra flexibility that we have in terms of managing pricing over the years.

Operator

And our next question is going to come from the line of Rob Ottenstein with Evercore.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just 2 questions, if I can. Just a quick follow-up on the China. We're reading a little bit about government
actions in terms of cracking down on wealth flaunting luxury, particularly in social media. And so I just
wanted to be -- make sure that that's not something that you see affecting your business. And then my
deeper question is if you could give us an update on the e-commerce in the U.S. as a percent of sales
and how that breaks out between your direct brand.com business and the retail.com business. And any
changes in trends there that you're seeing?

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Sorry. Could you repeat the one on the U.S.?

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

The dot-com [ split ].

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes. Just an update on the dot-com business in the U.S., the percent of sales. I think it was running 40%,
and then how that's breaking out between the direct business and the retail.com.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Okay. Starting with China. No, we don't see any issue on China, potential in our industry, on luxury
what you're saying. Actually, we see a lot of support to the trend and a lot of interest in our products
as the middle class evolves. And we see also given, for example, all the government actions have been
taken to support the development of Hainan and the duty free in Hainan, there is obviously an interest
in supporting internal consumption. And somehow, our industry is benefiting from the interest in being
-- creation of internal consumption and also bringing the consumption in the past was outside more
internally. So it's all of a positive trend.

The other thing, when you speak about luxury, I just want to say we are really affordable luxury, in the
sense that our products are luxury within the beauty category, but they are very affordable purchases
in the context of total luxury. So we don't see any negative at this point in time on this front. On the
contrary, a very strong support for the long term.

Going to the internal online development in the U.S., I'll turn this to Tracey for your specific question on
the percentages.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. In terms of the online percentage, we ended last year a little over 40% online. Again, as you know,
we started the year with some of our brick-and-mortar doors actually closed. So very, very strong online
penetration. And as brick-and-mortar reopened, the online penetration lessened a bit, but we did end the
year at about 40%.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

In terms of the retailer.com versus brand.com, we are seeing -- and it varies. So we saw quite a bit of
strength in retailer.com towards the second half of the year and strength in brand.com earlier in the year.
And this year, obviously, we have some very strong plans for both brand.com and retailer.com in the U.S.
to continue to grow.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Steve Powers, Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

I was hoping you could just elaborate a bit further on what you're doing to best position your portfolio to
take advantage of the anticipated recovery in makeup. And to what degree you see your business is likely
to accrue net share gains alongside that recovery?

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

So we are preparing for the makeup renaissance, and we are working on all our makeup brands and in
all our regions to leverage these as user education comes back. The proof that what [ will work happen ]
in the U.S. in this last quarter is very encouraging. In this last quarter, our makeup was extraordinarily
strong, for example, in countries where there was a recovery reopen like the U.S. And we saw great
results on MAC, on Too Faced and many other brands. And we saw particularly the recovery start from
foundation and lipsticks, which is a very good news, a very good sign. So what we're doing is, first of all,
we are preparing programs -- marketing programs and innovation programs and new launches for every
market, making sure that we tie those to the expected recovery trend.

They will be gradual, but we will be, as you know, will be dependent on vaccination levels and on the
ability to control the COVID spikes where this happens. And so we have all analytics that tell us when this
timing could be in different parts of the world, and we find our marketing action, our advertising relaunch
actions, our innovation actions to the different expected recovery moments. So it's a pretty complex
elaboration plan, but it's very effective, and so far has given us the kind of results we wanted, but most
importantly, the kind of return on investment that we wanted when you time it correctly.

The second thing that we are doing, obviously, is making sure that we use data analytics and we use the
understanding of the consumers to really tailor it to where the trend will start, and as I said, by makeup
subcategories that are very different priorities that the consumer choose in coming back to makeup when
the user education gets restated. And so we have some outstanding new capability in analytics that drive
us also in maximum effectiveness in these areas.

So all in all, we are very, very encouraged by the early recovery in the countries where this happened,
which are mainly U.S., China. And we are well organized to follow up on the recovery gradually in the
course of 2022.

Operator

And our next question will come from the line of Stephanie Wissink with Jefferies.

Unknown Analyst

This is Grace on for Steph. I wanted to dig in a little on the travel retail recovery that you're expecting and
how you think about the growth in market locations like Hainan. Would you expect that Hainan continues
to grow once international travel resumes? Or is there a rebalancing where the demand is realized?

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Yes. First of all, we expect Hainan to continue to grow in the future, and we expect Hainan success to be
relatively independent from the come back to international travel. Let me explain that. If you put in the
number of Chinese consumers that have a passport, which is above 10% evolving toward the 15% from

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

the information, which are available, and you assume that only a percentage of those consumers with the
passport travel internationally in a given year, you immediately see that the international travel is going
to create consumption that is a certain percentage of the Chinese population. Hainan is domestic travel.
So it's open to 100% of the Chinese middle class that wants to travel and is traveling as we speak. So
the Hainan phenomenon is basically goes well beyond international travel because it's domestic travel
and appeals 100% to the population. That's why we believe that Hainan is here to stay and is a great
opportunity for the long term, that will continue to grow even when international travel will restart.

As far as the international travel question, we are assuming that some international travel will gradually
restart in the second semester of our fiscal year -- '22 fiscal year. And this is obviously -- this is an
assumption, nobody knows and will depend not only from the pandemic development, will depend also
from the government decisions and how to manage the various rules around the management of the
pandemic. So it's -- we can only go with estimates, but that's what we are currently estimating. And we
have seen already some -- for example, in summer in Europe, we are seeing some new travels and new
movements and some increase, but obviously, relatively still very much below what was before COVID.
And then in fiscal year 2023, we assume there will be a more robust international travel acceleration.

Operator

And our next question is going to come from the line of Mark Astrachan with Stifel.

Mark Stiefel Astrachan
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Wanted to ask a bit of a follow-up on China and just maybe talk a bit about what's embedded in your
expectations just overall for the business for that country for fiscal '22. And maybe in the context of things
that we've seen around slowing sales on Tmall and discuss the commentary about expanding on JD and
just how does that fit in, and you talked about different demographics. So if you could elaborate a bit on
what you're hoping to accomplish there that would be helpful.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

So we expect the market in China to continue to grow double digits, and we are very, very optimistic
on the strengths of this market as well as on our position with the consumers in this market. We expect
to see a continuous acceleration of online, which is already 50% of Mainland China business today and
further growing. We see the possibility of continued growth in the existing platforms like Tmall, which is,
for us, for beauty, for our brands, very successful and a great partner that we will continue to develop and
manage with also specific products, specific brands, specific new brands in the future, and then we see an
acceleration of brand.com and in the marketing models around the brand.com in which we are investing
and also improving our technologies to keep it aligned with the extraordinary development of technology
in China and the ability to make this technology very appealing to the consumers. And so we keep learning
and keep evolving in this area.

And then there are certain brands that are appealing to certain demographics that also decided to expand
in JD and just now in July. And so we are very optimistic with also the results of this increased coverage of
consumers that we are getting. And there will be more opportunity in the future. It's a very, very dynamic
market and competitive market, which keeps evolving. And our principle is always to stay ahead of the
evolution, which admittedly is not easy in such a demanding market, but we are trying to stay always
ahead of the evolution and anticipate change and will get helped in this by our extraordinary Chinese
leadership team that keep us [ embraced ] over what's happening and help us anticipating all the trends,
and we get help by our [ compass ] that we discussed in our time, which give us a good point of view on
what will be the evolution in the consumer preferences in every market, but particularly in China.

Operator

And our next question is going to come from the line of Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

My question is for Tracey. If you could talk a little bit more about what you expect for the sales and
the profitability rebound in the North American segment in fiscal 2022, particularly when you're kind of
layering on some of the new distribution partnership, both Kohl's and Sephora and Ulta Target. And then
I do have a follow-up for Fabrizio. On DECIEM, I know that Ordinary has been driving the large success to
date, but they do have a number of other brands in their portfolio. So curious on your plans to scale some
of them.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Okay. Let me start with North America. We're very optimistic given the trends that we saw in the fourth
quarter and that are continuing into the first quarter as it relates to North America. So people are coming
back to stores. People are still shopping online. And certainly, the new retail partnerships of our retail
partners, we are expecting, will also contribute to growth this year. But across the board, the team has
really been working on terrific innovation. We're increasing advertising in North America in fiscal 2022. So
we expect both top line growth and margin expansion in North America related to our strategies in 2022.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

And on DECIEM, you're absolutely right, DECIEM is a company with an extraordinary portfolio of
brands. The Ordinary is today the biggest -- and it's continued to be very successful and growing is an
extraordinary brand. But there are other brands like NIOD, which is more science-based that we intend
with the DECIEM team to continue to develop. And also DECIEM is adding to Estée Lauder company the
capability of an extraordinary incubation model and ability. So we definitely intend to continue, incubate
new brands, develop new ideas and continue with the DECIEM philosophy of challenging the status quo
and seeing new different point of views to be offered to the consumers and develop extraordinary new
brands in the long term.

But in this moment, the opportunity for The Ordinary to continue to grow, to continue to expand is frankly
amazing. And this is obviously the priority we are focusing on in fiscal year 2022.

Operator

Our next question is going to be from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on the disclosure around travel retail being 29% of fiscal '21 sales. Can you just
confirm that? And then that would imply that you had a pretty big acceleration in Q4 in the travel retail
business? And then does that mean that the Continental Europe business declined in the quarter? So any
-- just any clarification just around that.

And then just longer term, this decision to [ part ] with Ulta Target, Sephora Kohl's, this is really an
expansion of distribution perhaps into some channels where you've been less comfortable going in the
past, but there's just more of a -- these brands are being curated in a different setting. What are your
thoughts on that in other channels, say, Amazon or other online forms over time?

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. So I can confirm travel retail in terms of the percent of mix at 29%. We did have strong growth in
travel retail in the fourth quarter. And in terms of the EMEA region, we did see growth as well in the EMEA
region, excluding travel retail. The U.K. was a little challenged. But as we mentioned in the prepared
remarks, all regions grew in the fourth quarter.

Fabrizio Freda

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

President, CEO & Director

Yes. And the other thing I want to say on travel retail on the long term, as I said, is the travel retail as this
addition of the domestic travel in China, which is a very important additions. And so the development of
the business with the Chinese consumers is extraordinary. And then the Chinese consumer, depending on
the period of the year, their choices, some of them would travel, travel to Hainan, [ buy there ], others
would buy in their cities. And so you will see this spending growth of the Chinese consumers in the China
region or in the travel retail Hainan depending on what the Chinese consumer decide to do.

Our strategy is very simple. We are going to serve the growing demand of Chinese consumer wherever
they choose to shop. And so we are online. We are in the outstanding quality department stores in
China. We are in Hainan. And in all these areas where they shop, we tend to be present with outstanding
execution, great luxury quality of services and to really give justice to our elevated luxury positioning in
these positions. And that's the strategy to cover the Chinese consumer shopping.

And as far as the when the international traveling will restart will obviously also cover the international
travels in the best possible way.

In terms of your second part of the question is -- I would like to clarify one thing. I think fiscal year
2021 was an extraordinary year to build our luxury position and to elevate our consumer expression in
a very luxury way. If you think that the core investment that we have done has been in elevating the
brand building, the luxury experience online, and we have been able to bring online a lot of the luxury
experience services than in the past were only in the best department stores or in the best brick-and-
mortar locations. So this now means that we have elevated to the best possible experience about 30% of
our business. Then, as I explained, our best expression of luxury is frankly in [ TR ]. It's been for since
a long time, particularly in the best airports of the world, but now it's in Hainan where there is the best
expression of the brands in the world, and as you said, is another 29%. So we have elevated our luxury
expression in more than 60% of our business around the world. And that's the key areas where we invest.

We have also taken the opportunity where there is the opportunity to source from [ us ] and to continue
growing the prestige segment to bring some of our brands that have the power of sourcing from [ us ]
closer to where the mass consumers are choosing to shop at once to have the opportunity to upgrade to
different quality. And that's where some opportunities like the Ulta Target and the Sephora Kohl's offer us
the opportunity to further source from us and further serve more consumers and consumers that we didn't
access before with our best experience and best quality products.

Operator

And it's all the time we have for questions and answers. With that, I would like to conclude the Q&A
portion of today's call. If you were unable to join for the entire call, a playback will be available at 1 p.m.
Eastern Time today through September 2. To hear a recording of the call, please dial (855) 859-2056.
Passcode is 6687487.
That concludes the Estée Lauder conference call. I would like to thank everyone for their participation, and
I wish you all a good day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ4 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 19, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

