The Gap, Inc. NYSE:GPS
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 10:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.33

0.25

(24.24 %)

0.39

(1.80)

1.32

Revenue  (mm)

3800.32

3994.00

5.10

4540.12

13720.81

15566.23

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-23-2020 12:30 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.41

(0.64)

(0.40)

0.33

0.58

(1.08)

(0.01)

0.25

SURPRISE

41.46 %

NM

NM

(24.24 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Steve Austenfeld
Investor Relations Officer

ANALYSTS

Alec Edward Legg
B. Riley Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Lorraine Corrine Maikis
Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Karina, and I will be your conference operator today.
At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Gap Inc. Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host, Steve Austenfeld, Head of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Steve Austenfeld
Investor Relations Officer

Great. Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Gap Inc.'s Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Call. Before we begin, we'd like to remind you that the information made available on this
webcast and conference call contains forward-looking statements. For information on factors that could
cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements as well as a description
and reconciliation of any financial measures not consistent with generally accepted accounting principles,
please refer to Page 2 of the slides shown on the Investors section of our website, gapinc.com, which
supplement today's remarks as well as today's earnings release, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 9, 2020, and any subsequent filings, all of which
again are available on gapinc.com.

These forward-looking statements are based on information as of November 24, 2020, and we assume no
obligation to publicly update or revise the forward-looking statements. Joining me on the call today are
Chief Executive Officer, Sonia Syngal and Chief Financial Officer, Katrina O'Connell. With that, I'll turn the
call over to Katrina. Thank you.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Steve, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Before we get started, we hope you and
your loved ones are safe and healthy, recognizing we continue to address the COVID pandemic. As we
head into the holiday season, we recognize many people are eager to purchase gifts for their family and
loved ones. At Gap Inc., we've invested year-to-date over $100 million in health and safety measures to
make our stores a safe shopping experience, both for our store employees and our customers.

Additionally, we further invested in online shipping capabilities as well as curbside pickup options, enabling
our customers to purchase gifts how and when they want for themselves and their family during the
upcoming holiday season. We hope everyone remains safe and healthy this holiday.

For today's call, I'd like to quickly connect this back to the investor meeting we held last month, unveiling
our Power Plan 2023 strategy. Following that, I'll review the company's third quarter performance,
followed by our thoughts on the remainder of fiscal year 2020. Sonia will then share her perspective,
followed by Q&A.

So as mentioned, before I jump into our third quarter results, I want to acknowledge our investor meeting
we hosted last month. In summary, we provided perspective on the power of our brands, specifically our
4 billion-dollar brands with Old Navy being largest at over $8 billion as of the end of last year. The power
of our portfolio, noting the growth synergies that come from each brand being part of our portfolio and the
power of our platform, with just 2 examples being the digital capabilities and extensive supply chain that
all brands benefit from.

Additionally, we shared our economic model with financial assumptions beginning in 2022 that we believe
reflect how we'll drive ongoing shareholder value. Specific to the economic model, I noted that we expect
2021 to be a year of profitable growth versus 2020, which has been significantly disrupted due to the
COVID pandemic. I would call it a rebound year and we'll share our thoughts on 2021 as part of our fourth
quarter earnings call in early 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

We also noted that as we emerge from 2021, beginning in 2022, we anticipate the structural changes
we're making now and into next year will set up the company to deliver, on a consistent basis, low to mid-
single-digit sales growth and consistent operating margin expansion as well as achieve a 10% or greater
operating margin by the end of 2023. And we anticipate yielding operating cash flow of 10% of sales, an
achievement we've accomplished for a number of years.

As we execute our Power Plan 2023 strategy, we continue to focus on a number of key initiatives. These
include: driving growth in our highest-margin brands, Old Navy and Athleta, both of which had double-
digit growth in the third quarter and which we expect to be 70% of sales by the end of 2023; transitioning
The Gap brand to a more capital-efficient model through our licensing agreement with IMG, the YEEZY
Gap partnership as well as a strategic review of our European business to improve profitability.

We also will continue closing unprofitable Gap and Banana Republic stores, which as stated during our
investor meeting, will yield $100 million in EBITDA savings on an annualized basis by the end of 2023.
Additionally, we target to have 50% of our sales by the end of 2023 being online, building off the 40%
of our sales that were online in the third quarter. And beginning in 2021, returning to a normalized level
of capital expenditures, focused on investments to further our omni capabilities, including digital and
technology capabilities and distribution capacity.

So having addressed some of our key elements of our Power Plan 2023 strategy, let me turn to our third
quarter results. Starting with top line. Total company net sales were flat, which included the impact of
the company's decision to close unprofitable stores, consistent with our store rationalization initiative is
a key element of our strategy. Importantly, comparable store sales -- comparable sales were up 5% in
the quarter, reflecting the fundamental health of the business. We're also pleased to see that our strategic
focus on driving our online business is paying off as online sales increased 61% in the third quarter. The
5% increase in comp sales was driven by Old Navy and Athleta, which both delivered strong double-digit
comp numbers as customers responded positively to their strong product offerings and relevant marketing
messages.

As noted during our investor meeting, Old Navy and Athleta, which are cumulatively 63% of company
sales as of the end of third quarter, are both our fastest-growing and highest-margin businesses. We
anticipate them growing to be 70% of company sales by the end of 2023, as noted during our strategy
review, which will meaningfully add to the company's growth rate and margin.

Third quarter gross margin was 40.6%, up 160 basis points compared to last year. This reflects margin
expansion of 360 basis points from rent and occupancy savings as we continue to close unprofitable Gap
and Banana Republic stores, partially offset by 200 basis points of deleverage in merchandise margins as
higher shipping costs resulting from very strong online sales growth exceeded higher product margins,
reflecting a lower level of promotions in the quarter.

Turning to operating expenses. During the quarter, operating expenses increased by 270 basis points
versus last year. This included over 175 basis points in higher marketing investment across all brands,
with each of our billion-dollar brands being advertised during the extended back-to-school shopping
season. As discussed during the company's investor meeting, we believe the challenging marketplace
for many other retailers provides our brands an opportunity to gain market share through increased
marketing. Additionally, the company continued to invest in health and safety measures in its stores as
part of our safe shopping protocols to provide customers a safe and welcome environment in which to
purchase items for their family. In the quarter, these expenses amounted to approximately 140 basis
points of deleverage.

Lastly, SG&A also reflected approximately 120 basis points of deleverage from costs associated with
store closures. Although from an earnings standpoint, these costs were essentially offset in gross margin
through lower rent and occupancy costs. These cumulative increases were partially offset by a benefit
of approximately 200 basis points in onetime costs in the year-ago quarter, primarily related to the
company's previously planned separation of Old Navy.

Looking forward to Q4, we intend to continue investing in brand marketing to compete during the
important holiday season. We'll continue to invest in and provide a safe shopping environment for our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

customers as we manage through the pandemic, and we expect to reflect more store closure costs but
again, directionally offsetting gross margins. So from an operating income standpoint, we've meaningfully
improved sales performance versus last quarter and improved gross margin versus last year, the company
delivered third quarter operating income of $175 million or 4% of sales.

Looking at other lines of the income statement, interest expense was $54 million. The effective tax rate
was 21.5%, primarily reflecting changes in the estimated benefit associated with the enactment of the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security or CARES Act and the impact of the company's geographical
mix of pretax earnings. The year-to-date effective tax rate was 23.7%. And lastly, earnings per diluted
share for the third quarter was $0.25.

Turning to the balance sheet. Looking at inventory on a reported basis, we ended the third quarter up
1%. Recall that in the face of uncertain demand earlier in the year, we implemented a pack-and-hold
inventory approach, whereby select mostly summer product is being held and will be released during next
year's selling season. As a result, pack-and-hold inventory will remain in our reported inventory numbers
until released to the market in 2021. Excluding pack-and-hold, end of quarter inventory was down about
7%, reflecting our disciplined approach to managing inventory. Looking forward, we anticipate Q4 ending
inventory, excluding pack-and-hold, to be down percentage-wise, roughly the same as Q3.

Now let me turn to cash flow. As we shared at our investor meeting, fundamentally, Gap Inc. is a strong
cash flow generator with over 10 consecutive years of at least $1 million in operating cash flow. Despite
store closures earlier in the year due to the pandemic, Gap Inc. year-to-date has generated nearly $400
million in operating cash flow or approximately 4% of sales, driven in great part by disciplined working
capital management.

Specific to capital expenditures, we've invested $288 million year-to-date. We now expect to spend
roughly $375 million in 2020. The current estimate is higher than our last forecast of $300 million as
the company's strong cash position has supported high ROIC-based investments in digital technology
and capacity, particularly in support of our online business. As noted during our investor meeting, we
anticipate, beginning in 2021, increasing our capital expenditure spend to a more traditional level of 4%
to 5% of sales to continue supporting our growth. The company ended the quarter with a cash balance,
including cash equivalents and short-term investments, of $2.6 billion. So we are well funded for 2021 and
beyond to invest for the long-term health of the business.

Lastly, before I turn it over to Sonia, let me share some thoughts on the final quarter of the fiscal
year. Given the high level of uncertainty in the current environment, particularly recognizing the rising
COVID-19 cases in the U.S. and around the globe, we're not providing specific fiscal year 2020 or fourth
quarter earnings outlook. However, recognizing many aren't able to enjoy the usual simple pleasures of
traveling to see loved ones or attending a concert or sporting event, we believe people are looking more
than ever to buy gifts during the holiday season for family and friends. Our investments in health and
safety measures in our stores as well as in our online business, coupled with the marketing investments
we're making in our brands, give us cautious optimism for the fourth quarter.

We anticipate giving you perspective on 2021 during our next earnings call, but to be helpful, as we look
towards Q4, here are some thoughts on the quarter. We see the following dynamics in Q4: net sales being
equal to or slightly higher than last year; gross margin rate being equal to last year, reflecting benefits
continuing from store closures, largely offset by higher shipping expenses; and operating expenses
being between 33% and 34% of company sales, reflecting the company's continued investment in brand
marketing, capitalizing on the opportunity to capture market share as well as the continued cost of in-
store health and safety measures on behalf of our customers and employees; and importantly, cash flow
performance should remain strong. And with that, I will turn the call over to Sonia.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Katrina, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm happy to talk with you today about our third
quarter results within the context of our newly defined go-forward strategy, our Power Plan 2023. As we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

shared with you at our investor event in October, we grow purpose-led billion-dollar brands that shape
people's way of life.

So what does that look like? It's Old Navy paying employees to serve as poll workers to show that every
voice and action count. It's Gap delivering American optimism by encouraging people to stand up for
one another in their Stand United TV spot. It's Banana Republic reissuing its iconic Notorious Necklace
and raising $0.5 million for the International Center for Research on Women to celebrate and honor the
life and legacy of Supreme Court Justice RBG. And it's Athleta putting its brand mission into action with
a $2 million pledge to establish the power of She Fund, keeping women and girls connected through
movement.

It starts with brands that stand for something, brands with a distinct point of view that connect directly
with how consumers are shopping, what they're wearing and, most importantly, how they're feeling. And
in today's landscape, this means more than ever. Since the beginning, we have led the casualization of
the American wardrobe where comfort, fit and quality matter. Whether it was introduced in khakis in the
notion of casual Fridays to the New York Stock Exchange in the late 90s, or a modern version of these
Gap khakis making the headlines during election coverage earlier this month, it's about more than just a
pair of pants. It's about relevance. And since our recent election coverage, we saw a dramatic increase in
online traffic and within a day, the number of straight-fit palomino brown khakis we sold online went up
90%. We connected with people.

Together, our brands reach all ages, all bodies, all social economic brackets, all moments and all use
occasions and target approximately 80% of the very large addressable apparel market. The majority of
our assortment is pointed at the use occasions that are most relevant today. And when you couple that
with the scale we have across key categories, with our nearly $3 billion active business, including fleece
and our nearly $4 billion kids and baby business, we are delivering that product consumers want and
need. And we deeply know and understand our customers, enabling us to make business decisions with
them at the heart of it.

Fueling our brands are our powerful omni capabilities. We are ranked #2 in U.S. apparel e-commerce
sales. We have sharpened our real estate strategy so that our stores will be where our customers want to
shop today. And we have increased focus on convenience and experience in uniquely ownable digital and
physical spaces. These advantages give us the power to deliver. This is such a unique moment in time.
In a dislocated market, we are investing in growth today to drive share gains for the long term. While we
adjust and build out our strategy, our teams have been leveraging the power of our brands, the power of
our portfolio and the power of our platform for many months now and it's showing up in our performance.

Before I dive into third quarter results, I really want to thank our team and I can't say this enough.
I'm proud to see them leading with our competitive strength, embracing our new cultural imperative
co-creating with our customers and each other and driving for growth. Recognizing that the effects of
COVID-19 are still very much a reality for our business, our customers and our communities, this has not
been easy. Their belief in Gap Inc., our purpose-led brands, the values of this company and the customers
we serve has been unwavering.

So let me reflect on Q3 and bring to life the Power Plan 2023 in action. First, the power of our brands.
During the quarter, our billion-dollar brands leveraged their brand power to win in a dislocated market by
delivering the right product at the right time at a time when trust matters most. Each brand led with their
values in their fall campaigns. They invested dollars and increased digital marketing to drive traffic, and
for the first time in 10 years, all 4 brands were on TV and it paid off.

Let me start with Old Navy, our largest brand, ranked #2 apparel brand in the U.S. and now the #5
apparel retailer on a rolling 3-month basis according to SPB Group. Old Navy's results were exceptional,
driving a 15% sales growth year-over-year while also delivering margin expansion and market share
growth. They did this by focusing on the democracy of style and service, leveraging promotions
strategically and leaning into brand value. Their omnichannel offerings provided superior convenience to
customers by leveraging their large online channel and well-located fleet. Online sales for Old Navy grew
86% in the quarter, maintaining its momentum from Q2 even as stores fully reopened. They delivered
strong product performance in relevant and advantaged categories like active and fleece and kids and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

baby. According to the NPD Group, Old Navy grew market share faster than any other denim brand in the
U.S. in October on a rolling 3-month basis, thanks to its Denim America campaign focused on inclusive
sizing. Celebrating Old Navy's commitment to equality and inclusivity is We Are We campaign delivered a
positive year-over-year brand impressions.

At Gap Brand, sales declined 14% in Q3. Store sales were lower, reflecting our plan to strategically shed
unprofitable sales as part of our fleet rationalization efforts while online sales grew 38% year-over-year.
While we transition Gap Brand to a capital-efficient and more profitable business, the team is really
focused on maximizing online demand through relevant marketing, product and quality improvements,
customer engagement and stronger execution. Gap's fall marketing campaigns Stand United and Be the
Future both generated positive customer response while store traffic beat the industry average throughout
the quarter.

Moving on to Banana Republic, which represents about 10% of Gap Inc.'s sales, in Q3, sales declined
34%. And while we are nowhere near satisfied with this result, this is an 18-point improvement from Q2.
As we noted during our investor meeting, Banana Republic continued to face challenges driven by the
shift in customer preference from a more formal work wear to casual in light of work-from-home trend.
With this in mind, the brand is working hard to update its product assortment, prioritizing more relevant
categories like lounge, sleep, active, fleece and sweaters with a reduced focus on work wear categories
like tailored fitting.

And last, we are extremely proud of the results at Athleta, our fastest-growing brand. In Q3, Athleta
delivered 35% sales growth, with September reaching the highest sales comp in the history of the brand.
This is continued evidence that Athleta is on its path to double, reaching $2 billion in sales by 2023. Once
again, they delivered incredible online growth, supported by investments in digital marketing with traffic
and net demand both up approximately 75%. They are focused on key growth categories that will help us
reach new customers, which is driving a healthy reg price business and productivity gains. And their 1x to
3x inclusive sizing pilot is delivering a strong early read ahead of a full relaunch in January 2021 and will
be a major growth driver for us next year.

Next, I want to talk about the power of our portfolio. We acquired over 6 million customers in Q3 and our
total customer file now sits at 176 million, up 15% from last year. Our customers also spent 6% more with
us on average than last year. We're fueling enduring relationships through personalization, infusing the
voice of the customer at every turn to create products and experiences that they need and want, and this
is showing up in our Net Promoter Score, which across all channels is up 13% from Q3 of last year.

Customers continue to come to our brands for masks, and we updated styles and introduced innovation
across the category now representing 4% of sales across the company. It is our goal to turn every
customer into a loyalist. One of the things I'm most energized about is the strong launch of our multi-
tender loyalty program and the enhanced value this program can unlock. Since the rollout on September
22, just 2 months in, we have enrolled 3.5 million new members to a double-digit conversion in stores
and online enrollment. We're excited to build on this as we move into 2021 and fully leverage all customer
touch points to market the program. We now have more than 50% of our sales coming from loyalists,
meaning they have a credit card with us or they're part of our loyalty program. This is more than
double where we were able to deliver with card alone and is an important enabler to our personalization
imperatives.

Lastly, I'd like to talk about the power of our platform. As we shared in October, the strength of our
platform, including our omni capabilities and scaled operations, enables us to serve our customers the
way they're shopping today, whether it's online, safely in stores, via partnerships or combination of all 3.
Our agile network also allows us to be nimble as customers' shopping preferences change. In Q3, we saw
strong performance online even with stores reopened, with 51% growth versus last year comprising about
40% of total sales in the quarter.

And to fuel the online growth and drive site conversion, we developed new functionality this quarter to
make it easier for customers to shop, including quick add to bag features, redesigned navigation on our
mobile experience and improved usability of product reviews. And our profit's coming to life across our
site better than ever with elevated product photography that is more emotional and more aspirational.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Our partnership with PayPal and Afterpay went live this quarter, with strong conversion in mobile and
attractive new customer acquisition with demographic skewing towards millennial and Gen Z. Across both,
we expect to deliver approximately 2% lift in revenue per visitor compared to customers using other
payment methods.

I really want to celebrate the work of the digital team. I've seen a massive collaboration and acceleration
of both talent and innovation as they work to deploy functionality and creative cut-through, big and small,
to make the site more engaging for our customers.

One of the biggest value drivers of our Power Plan 2023 is our real estate restructuring strategy, largely
pointed at closing select stores across Gap and Banana Republic, our strategy is rooted in moving away
from traditional malls and focusing on more advantageous locations to better meet customer needs. As
Katrina mentioned, the work is on track and delivering substantial phasing and we'll continue to do so in
the future. That being said, we believe there are profitable opportunities to open stores in both Old Navy
and Athleta. In fact, Athleta opened 8 new stores in Q3, including their 200th store. Our stores remain
a very important part of the shopping journey for our loyalists. We're making investments to deliver
standout moments across our omni experiences, whether in store, on mobile or through one of our new
capabilities like curbside pickup or virtual styling. In Q3 alone, overall net sales volume across BOPIS
and curbside increased over 50%, proving that our customers are voting for convenience and safety this
spring.

And on November 19, just in time for holiday shopping, we've launched convenience hubs across the
entire fleet of Old Navy and Athleta stores. These stations will streamline the in-store process and create
a single destination to expedite BOPIS orders, curbside pickups and return, reducing customer pain points
and congestion at the cash register. This is one way we're leveraging our lean and advantaged operations
to make customer-facing improvements that will also help improve operating costs across the fleet.

Before we turn to Q&A, I'd like to comment on Q4. As we look at the remainder of the year, we're
encouraged that according to NRF, the National Retail Federation, retail sales have largely recovered from
the pandemic heading into the holiday season, which points to the resiliency of the consumer. In some
ways, this doesn't surprise us as people aren't spending money on things like travel or sporting events or
concerts.

So with more disposable income available, heading into the holidays, research suggests people will be
more likely to buy products across our brands, showing their love for family and friends at a time when
gifting means more than ever. At the same time, consumers still face uncertainty with rising COVID
cases, high unemployment and uncertainty around any incremental stimulus, an ambiguous operating
environment that poses some risk to store operations.

To hedge against these challenges, we are doubling down on initiatives that nurture deeper relationships
and trust with our customers. We're seeing strength in key indicators such as a 15% increase in stores'
Net Promoter Score versus last year, especially as customers appreciate the safety measures we have
committed to, ensuring they can shop without worries in our stores, And as you've heard, our online
business is growing faster than it ever was, enabling our customers to purchase our products regardless of
the pandemic.

And to support the unprecedented channel shift to online, we have scaled and deepened relationships with
existing parcel carriers and have added new shipping partners. We've ramped up automation and staffing
in our distribution centers or as we like to call them, our customer experience centers and pulled forward
demand to reduce pressure on fulfillment. Recognizing the increasing online shopping we've seen year-to-
date, we have invested in having the right capabilities to address the possible surge in online demand.

Big picture, I'm proud of the company's ability to improve sales performance during the unique pandemic-
related challenges. It's a once-in-a-generation opportunity right now. With the holidays upon us, we feel
confident in our preparedness and the trust we've built with our customers through strong execution
and safe shopping practices. We believe in the power of our brands and that products, experiences and
capabilities we deliver to our customers will enable us to grow sales profitably and generate meaningful
cash flow to invest in the long-term growth, all consistent with our Power Plan 2023 strategy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Before I wrap up, I want to share the exciting news that we have 2 new leaders joining our Gap Inc.
senior leadership team. Asheesh Saksena will join our team this January as our Chief Growth Officer, a
newly created position that will focus on executing against our strategic agenda as well as leading growth
initiatives for the future. Asheesh joins us most recently from Best Buy, where he served as President
of Best Buy Health, and prior to that, Chief Strategic Growth Officer. He's also led strategy and growth
organizations at Cox Communications, Time Warner Cable and a partner at Accenture.

Asheesh is an agent of change with 30 years of experience as a growth igniter. Once on board, I look
forward to his assessment of value creation opportunities to ensure consistent growth for the company.

And Sandra Stangl will step into the role of President and CEO of Banana Republic as the brand continues
to redefine affordable luxury. With more than 25 years of experience, Sandra is a strong creative leader
known for delivering design vision, brand expansion and outstanding financial results. Sandra has held
numerous leadership positions, including President of Pottery Barn, where she was part of the team that
envisioned and launched Pottery Barn Kids and Pottery Barn Teen as well as President of Restoration
Hardware. And most recently, she cofounded and was Chief Merchant of MINE, a disruptive pure-play
home business. She'll join Banana Republic in December. I'm pleased to have Asheesh and Sandra join the
team, both strong industry veterans and visionary leaders known for driving growth through creativity.
As we steer Gap Inc. and our purpose-driven billion-dollar brands into the future, this gives me even
greater confidence in our ability to deliver against our Power Plan 2023. With that, why don't we open it
up for Q&A?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

We'll go ahead and take our first question from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Great. Very nice results tonight. I wanted to ask specifically about Old Navy. The really impressive
15% bounce-back in revenue here would seem to suggest that Old Navy delivered some margin expansion
as well here in the third quarter. I'm just wondering if you can laser in on Old Navy's margin performance
in particular.

And I know after potentially 2 challenging third quarters in a row, the Old Navy business was sort of
off of the levels that had delivered back in 2017 margins. I'm wondering if you made progress towards
recovering back to 2017. And what are the sort of key drivers for Old Navy margin expansion or, let's say,
returning back to those 2017 margins in the future?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Sonia, I don't know if you want to start with sort of the sales performance, and I'm happy to wrap up with
margin questions...

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Listen, Old Navy had a standout quarter and we're really pleased with the results. Strong response to
product offering. We saw a great increase in digital and traditional marketing, with more to come, with
high return on that investment. Strong active business, the kids and baby achieved the #1 brand in that
segment. And in terms of sustainability, it speaks to the brand positive. And we have referenced in our Q4
sales outlook that we expect to be equal or slightly higher than LY. So we're confident about their business
and their momentum and the product margin expansion that we saw this quarter. And I think that the
yield management that they drove, in combination with their strong product, is something that they'll
continue to focus on.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, Kimberly, what I would add is the team has done really a tremendous job between the lean
inventories that we had when we sort of cut the inventories heading into the pandemic and then chasing
back into the categories that really have resonated, active, fleece, knits, kids and baby, et cetera. They've
done a tremendous job managing the inventory and then the promotions on those inventories. So you're
right, the team did see expanded gross margins in the quarter based on that. As it relates to historical
levels, we'll see longer term but we are very pleased with the way that team is executing on all fronts.

Operator

We'll go ahead and take our next question from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Two questions. Katrina, just one quick one. I'm sorry if I missed it. Did you pick up the merchandise
margin versus occupancy dynamic in the third quarter? And then just -- and then on the SG&A, I guess
at a higher level, can you kind of talk to the accelerated investments you guys are making that we saw in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

the third quarter and that you're talking about for the fourth quarter? Is this a sign that your expectations
on growth going forward are higher? Just it's an interesting dynamic that we're not really seeing from
the other -- from a lot of other retailers out there. So I'm just kind of curious how you're thinking about
pulling forward that investment and what that really means to your ultimate trajectory to get the margins
back to 10% over the next couple of years.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Ike. So on the margin question, you're right. So our third quarter margin was up 160 basis
points. What I have said is that rent and occupancy was 360 basis points of expansion, and that was
partially offset by 200 basis points of deleverage in merchandise margins, which was the result of higher
shipping, which largely offset the lower level of promotion so higher product margins. So that was the
margin dynamic.

I'm glad you brought up the SG&A. It's really an important point because we see this time as a very
unique time for us to really drive market share gains ahead of other competition in this dislocated time.
We still remain committed to what we said less than a month ago or a month ago, which is we're going to
continue to invest in demand generation expenses, and we're going to reengineer the fixed cost structure
of the company. And that's going to be everything from the store closures to the evaluation of some of our
international markets for partnerships to some of the work that I know Shawn talked about at our Investor
Day around driving down operating expenses like store labor, et cetera.

And so that's all important for us achieving the 10% and beyond operating margin in 2023. But in
2020, with this COVID environment and really a lot of the weaker players seeing significant amount of
disruption, we see this as an important time to be investing in our brands for demand generation and
that's the quality of the consumers we're going to gain now will pay dividends in the future. So it is a
strategic shift that we have chosen to make.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. I'll just add on to that, it is quite intentional. Thanks for putting it out, Ike. And as we said at Investor
Day, apparel, $200 billion in market size at a unique moment to consolidate share with whether it's the
share donors or it's the weaker players and using both the power of our brands and the scale advantage
we have, we are playing to win in this unique time. And we are very committed to the healthy top and
bottom line that we articulated in our Power Plan 2023 last month, with the growth in profitable sales and
that growth plan delivered on quarter-over-quarter.

Operator

And we'll go ahead and move on to our next question from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe to follow up on SG&A. Is there a way to maybe help quantify the 3Q buckets if we think about
store closure costs, COVID costs and marketing expense? And just maybe those same buckets, what's
embedded in your fourth quarter forecast? And just larger picture, as we think about the time line, when
is it best for us to think about the inflection to operating margin expansion as you outlined at the Analyst
Day?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So Matt, in my speech, I tried to break out the basis points of deleverage associated with each
one, so I'm happy to go through that. But we said that of the 270 basis points of operating increase --
operating expense increase, 175 basis points was attributable to higher marketing and then 140 basis
points is attributable to the safe shopping. And then we have this dynamic in SG&A also where any cost

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

that we have to incur to close the stores that were strategically closing, that falls into SG&A and that was
120 basis points of deleverage. So that's hopefully helpful to you guys.

That 120 basis points of deleverage is basically offset in gross margin, though, through a onetime savings
in rent and occupancy. So that's the one unique dynamic there. As we think about Q4, we were trying
to be helpful in our guidance around how we're thinking about operating expenses. We said we expect
them to be 33% to 34% of company sales. When you look at our as-reported last year, you'll see this is
a meaningful improvement to last year. That's mostly because we had an almost $500 million expense
last year attributable to some store impairments beyond separation costs. When you isolate for that, we
expect that the marketing and the store closure -- or excuse me, the store safety costs will be about the
same impact as what you saw in Q3. And so hopefully, that's helpful for you as you look at your model.

Longer term, let's see what happens. We've got a vaccine coming and we don't know how long the COVID
pandemic will last. But hopefully, what's helpful is that we've tried to let you guys know we think it will be
a profitable sales growth year next year, and we'll provide more details on exactly how we see that play
out when we get to our fourth quarter earnings call.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And to build on what Katrina said, 2 of the 3 line items are because of the environment we're
in, right, whether it's the store safety cost or the cleanup of the real estate that's been a long time
coming, and the marketing investment is to play to win and play aggressively to consolidate share and
we'll continue to learn. We have a lot of rigor around the return on that, of those invested dollars with
marketing effectiveness mechanisms. And so we feel very good about that. But 2 of the 3 are not long-
term costs that we expect to incur, and so we'll be out of that at some point and linked to the vaccine, et
cetera.

Operator

We'll go ahead and move to Mark Altschwager with Baird.

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

With respect to the fourth quarter, I was hoping you could talk about the planned shipping headwinds
there, maybe relative to what you saw in the third quarter. And then what are the controllable drivers you
have to offset some of these pressures? And along those lines, maybe hoping you could talk about the
trends in split shipments and how that trended in the fall relative to what you experienced in the spring.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean the good news is that as we expected, shipping while still a headwind in Q3 was meaningfully
improved from Q2. And that was based on what you just said, Mark, which is that dynamic of being able to
buy our inventories more strategically back into the online channel and reduce mostly that shift from store
dynamic. And so we did see a meaningful improvement there.

Now as we look to Q4, our guidance does sort of reflect a multitude of possible outcomes but largely
similar to maybe increasing pressure on shipping and a little bit of air freight associated with either airing
in product where we chase products for the pandemic or the port issues we've been having. The levers we
have, whether it's the merchandise margins that you saw deliver higher product margins in Q3. And let's
see how Q4 plays out, but we could see similar execution, that would be great. We would see merchandise
margins offset some of that.

But I would say some of the shipping is a shift that we're seeing, and we'll see a lot of that benefit offset
in ROD with a lot of the store closures. And then longer term, working through some algorithmic way to
start to reduce splits, as you say, and those are going to be some of the longer-term capital investments.
But I also think we have said before our supply chain is advantaged. And so I don't know, Sonia, if you
want to talk about that.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Listen, I think we have the most automated DCs to our sector and that gives us an advantage versus
the competition versus more labor-intense environment. And in terms of shipping, we have focused quite
a bit on whether it's order logic improvements, whether it's reducing split shipments, all the drivers that
are controllable, as you say, whether it's multipacks in the value space, the Old Navy. We have many,
many levers that we are deploying. And you're noticing, hopefully, execution for us is at a very heightened
premium, and we're expecting and know that the teams will continue to deliver on innovation in the
technology space as well as in terms of end-to-end unit economics that will help us reduce these costs in
the coming months and quarters.

Operator

And we'll go ahead and take our next caller, Lorraine Hutchinson from Bank of America.

Lorraine Corrine Maikis Hutchinson
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I just wanted to follow up on the gross margin point. It seems as though some of the store closure ROD
benefits will continue in 4Q and into the first half of next year. As we think of the first half of '21 and look
at it versus 2019, do you think you'll be able to post higher gross margins on a year-over-year basis?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Well, Lorraine, I think it will be good for us to have that discussion on the fourth quarter call when we
guide more specifically to 2021. But it's fair to say that the ROD benefit, as we discussed in our investor
meeting just a month ago, is a significant benefit to gross margin as well as operating margin in the long
term. But we can talk more specifically about 2021 and the dynamic when we guide later or actually early
in 2021.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. And just to build on that, we're more than pleased with the progress we're making on the real estate
strategy and the execution and the compromises and the fairness of deals we've landed with now the vast
majority of our landlords. And I think it will be nice to close that out and really focus on what that's going
to then positively impact on the P&L. I'm excited to see that complete.

Operator

And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Paul Lejuez with Citi.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Just one clarification, one question. First, you mentioned 120 basis points, I think, of store closing costs
that deleveraged that was offset by some sort of rent line. I just want to make sure I understand, the 120
that you mentioned on the store closing side, is that onetime in nature? Is that going to continue? And I
guess same question on the rent line. Wouldn't that be something that is ongoing -- an ongoing benefit
that would help gross margin? So that was just a clarification and question. I'm just curious about the new
customers that you're seeing in the Athleta brand. What's customer profile of the new customer relative to
your existing customer base? Anything you could share on spend?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Paul. So the store closure costs that we're referencing and maybe we're not being clear, I think
maybe we're not, but those are attributable to the buyout. So if you remember, when we were at our
investor meeting, we did indicate that there was about $210 million of buyout costs that we would incur

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

as we try and get out of some of the high-profile stores. It's going to be lumpy depending on when those
negotiations land. So the 120 basis points, that's attributable to the costs that we use, the dollars that
we use to pay out some of those buyout costs with a select number of stores. And then as we do those
buyout costs, we're able to settle some rent expense, and that comes through the onetime benefit to ROD.

Now so it's a unique dynamic. It doesn't repeat other than maybe in Q4, we have more buyouts as we
chunk away at that $210 million and get that behind us. But it's kind of that piece is going to be lumpy
depending on negotiations. And then you're correct, going forward, there is an ongoing rent benefit
that's more associated with the monthly rents we would have been paying in those stores. So it's a little
complicated, but that's what we're referencing.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Listen, we're very lucky and fortunate to have such a cash-generating business that we are able
to get some of these problems behind us that are lumpy and hard to bottom out. But we can take the
onetime measures that we are taking that are showing up and get them done and continue to think about
our cash to fuel organic growth and accelerate our growth going forward.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

And then Paul, I think you had a customer question but I'm not remembering it. Do you mind repeating it?

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

The Athleta customer, new customers that you've seen in the brand, how the profile is different from the
existing customer base spending levels?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Do you want to take that, Sonia, the Athleta customers, sort of how the new customers are different than
the existing?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Look, what I would say is masks has been a great way for many new customers to be introduced
to the Athleta brand. That also is a relevant category in the active space, which has become even more
relevant during COVID and advantage because of the online channel being greater than 50% of sales.
The relationship with the customer has been a real builder with masks, and the team has innovated
and introduced now their fourth mask that has greater and greater sustainability, beauty and technical
capabilities that customers are really talking to. And so then they get introduced and they get into the
masks into some of the core loyalty products such as the bottoms business. So we've been quite pleased.
And then the recent ads that they did has had 60 million views. So the impression that, that brand is
making right now in this unique moment in time is quite high.

Operator

We'll go ahead and take our next question from Kate Fitzsimons with RBC Capital Markets.

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I guess just one follow-up to Paul's question. I guess when you noted resonance on some of the marketing
at Athleta, I am curious just how you are viewing customer acquisition costs at that brand over time.
And just relative to the superior profitability, it does see to the other brands, do you expect ongoing
investments in that item, I think, to move the needle on brand awareness with perhaps offsets on the
merch margin front? That would be helpful, just some of the puts and takes there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

And then next, I guess just on the supply chain, with inventories down 7% ex packaway, can you just
remind us about some of the supply chain capability perhaps by brand or category that you think, in
particular, can help you support the top line at Old Navy and Athleta?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

So in terms of the first question, Athleta, as we shared in our Investor Day, Athleta is our fastest-growing
and most profitable brands. So all of the marketing investments that we're making are contemplated in
that statement and in our 3-year view. So while we are leaning into aggressive growth of brand awareness
of these mechanisms, we're also really pleased with the profitability of the brand and expect that as it
grows as a greater share of the portfolio, to impact the overall financial health of the company in a very
good way.

Now your second question was around the advantage supply chain. And what I would say here is, look,
we have just moved very, very quickly to add speed and agility because the one thing that we do know
is that it's very hard to predict what the environment will look like and we will be best served with that
agility. So our scale advantage has given us the ability to chase in a product that's working really well very
quickly, shed weeks and even months out of our supply chain lead times, bringing hundreds of millions of
units in faster ways. As we shared at Investor Day, we are -- I think we've got over 100, maybe 150 now,
planes that are direct shipping into our DCs so that we can chase the product that it's selling. So lots of
mechanisms in our supply chain across the portfolio to enable really driving sales growth and capitalizing
on this once-in-a-generation opportunity for us.

Operator

We'll go ahead and take our next question from Susan Anderson with B. Riley FBR.

Alec Edward Legg
B. Riley Securities, Inc., Research Division

Alec Legg on for Susan. So were you -- are you able to provide the store productivity by brand or just
overall Gap Corporation and how that has trended throughout the quarter and maybe in the fourth
quarter? And then has conversion rates in-store increased with just customers shopping more for purpose?
And then also is the YEEZY collection still on track to launch this spring?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

I think Katrina can go through by brand but I will start with this. We're pleased with the conversion
improvements in stores, we have seen that. And I think fueled by the 15-point improvement in our Net
Promoter Score that we spoke about. The store environment is something that the customer is really
pleased with between the focus on safety, the focus on the heightened experience, leader units that give
a more elevated merchandising environment and the service emphasis that we place. So pleased with the
in-store experience and what that's doing.

And then your question on YEEZY Gap, I think, yes, we're looking forward to our first half launch next
year. And what I will say is the creative that I've seen and whether it's the product or the e-com site that
is getting prepared is very exciting and very innovative, some of the most creative work we've seen. And
so pleased with what's ahead and we are on track for our launch as announced.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

And then as far as store sales are concerned, so net sales were flat with a 61% increase in online and our
store sales down 20%. Now several percentage points of that store sales decline was driven by closures,
as we said, and so the remaining sort of is the average of the productivity in Q3. And similar to the
dynamics we've articulated in the past, given the results that you see at Old Navy and Athleta, I think it's
fair to assume that those stores have recovered more quickly, especially since they are largely off-mall

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

and strip locations as well as the fact that they're seeing a disproportionately high performance of our
online business.

But then Gap is sort of more in line and then Banana more disadvantaged based on the product categories
that they've been having a tougher time with as they look to reposition their assortment. So I would
say that's what I would tell you as far as thinking about productivity in Q3. And then we'll see in Q4,
but as you've heard, we've been investing substantially in store safety measures to make sure people
feel comfortable. And we're also prepared with capacity and shipping capabilities as well as store-related
capabilities to service the customers for however they want to shop since we know that this will continue
to be a unique environment for shoppers.

Alec Edward Legg
B. Riley Securities, Inc., Research Division

And if you don't mind, just to follow up on shipping. Have the carriers provided a cutoff date just to
essentially guarantee delivery by Christmas? Or is that something that's still being worked out on?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Listen, we are in deep relationship and partnership with our carriers and they're being very agile with
us. So as demand comes in over the next -- these 11 days of the Black Friday through Cyber Tuesday
now, I guess, very, very important time frame for us than December shopping. So we're seeing a lockstep
with our carriers where added capacity is needed in order to service our customers.

Operator

And we'll go ahead and take our final question from Alexandra Walvis with Goldman Sachs.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wanted to just ask a follow-up on the fourth quarter guide. Can you help us out with anything that's
giving you confidence in achieving the sales level and you're seeing at quarter-to-date, how within that,
you are thinking about the timing of the holiday season this year is difficult to predict but perhaps different
from prior years. And then whether you're factoring anything on store capacity you can take and some
delivery bottlenecks, which you commented on it a little bit so far, but I'd love you to pull that together,
which would be very helpful.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

So I think I kind of -- let me try. So listen, we think the consumer is in a really good place. We think that
the forecast for consumer spending is up. We think that apparel is a great category when customers can't
travel or spend on sporting or events, those kinds of things. And we believe that our voice share growth as
well as our relevance makes us an ideal destination for Q4 selling.

And as we learned and shared with you in our last quarter, you cannot predict when exactly the customer
will make their decisions for holiday shopping. Back-to-school was much later than it had been in previous
years. Because of the pandemic situation, we expect dynamics to be what they are and we will be ready.
Our whole focus is we will be ready and ready to service the customer whenever she's ready to shop. With
176 million customers, they're all going to choose different times to shop, whether it's the early shoppers
or the ones that love Black Friday or the ones that shop on December 24. And I think we'll be ready for all
of them.

Operator

And that does conclude today's question and answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to
today's presenters for any additional or closing remarks.

Sonia Syngal

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

CEO, President & Director

Thank you very much. It's been a pleasure. I hope everyone has a safe and time down with their families
over Thanksgiving and enjoy the festive holiday season and lots of great gifts for you just in case you want
to participate. So we'll talk to you next time.

Operator
Once again, that does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate your participation. You may now
disconnect your phone lines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE GAP, INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 24, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

