The Hershey Company NYSE:HSY
FQ3 2020 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Friday, November 06, 2020 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.13

1.72

Revenue  (mm)

1739.35

2159.30

8.14

2.80

6.03

6.42

7984.93

8196.71

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-04-2020 10:52 PM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.60

1.24

1.71

1.13

1.61

1.28

1.63

1.31

0.62 %

3.23 %

(4.68 %)

15.93 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Melissa Poole
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Michele Gross Buck
Chairman, President & CEO

Steven E. Voskuil
Senior VP, CFO & Chief Accounting
Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

Presentation

Melissa Poole
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the prerecorded discussion of the Hershey Company's Third
Quarter 2020 Earnings Results. My name is Melissa Poole, and I'm the Vice President of Investor Relations
at Hershey.

Joining me today are Hershey's Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck, and Hershey's Senior Vice President and
CFO, Steve Voskuil. In addition to these remarks, we will host an analyst Q&A-only session at 8:30 a.m.
Eastern on the morning of November 6. A replay of this webcast and our subsequent Q&A session will be
available on the Investor Relations section of our website, along with their corresponding transcripts.

During the course of today's discussion, management will make forward-looking statements that are
subject to various risks and uncertainties. These statements include expectations and assumptions
regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations and
assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Actual results could differ materially from
those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors. The company undertakes
no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events. A detailed listing of such risks and
uncertainties can be found in today's press release and the company's SEC filings.

Finally, please note that during today's discussion, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures
that we believe will provide useful information for investors. The presentation of this information is
not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information presented in
accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations to the GAAP results are included in this morning's press release.

It is now my pleasure to introduce our Chairman and CEO, Michele Buck.

Michele Gross Buck
Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Melissa, and good morning, everyone. We hope that you, your colleagues and your loved ones
are continuing to stay safe and healthy.

We had a strong third quarter with accelerated reported net sales growth of 4%, adjusted EPS growth
of more than 15% and confectionery share gains across markets, including an almost 190 basis point
gain in the U.S. Our core U.S. business remains healthy as consumers reach for small treats during the
pandemic, and they continue to celebrate the important rituals in their lives. We also saw sequential
improvement in the areas of our business hit hardest by COVID-19, including our international markets,
owned retail locations and food service business. Our decision to lean into Halloween ahead of the season
supported consumers' desires to find new and creative ways to celebrate safely. Our team, advantaged
brands, capabilities and execution enabled us to deliver Halloween net sales slightly above prior year and
estimated category seasonal share gains of over 400 basis points.

We are continuing to focus on executing with excellence, investing in the business and advancing our
strategic priorities to deliver a strong fourth quarter and position us well for 2021. None of this would be
possible without the hard work and commitment from our teams around the globe. I want to extend a
sincere and heartfelt thank you to all of our employees for the care and the concern that they have for
each other, for their agility in adapting to this environment, for their passion to make sure consumers can
still have moments of Hershey goodness during these difficult times and for operating safely, both in and
out of work.

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a meaningful impact on the company from how we work to the way
consumers interact with our brands, to our relationships with customers, to the value that we are
delivering to our shareholders. We made 2 very important calls at the beginning of COVID-19 that shaped
everything that followed. The first was to focus our organization on safely making and selling our products.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

The second was to play to win. We knew that taking quick action to help support the physical, emotional
and economic well-being of our employees would allow us to continue to safely operate our supply chain
and sales organization.

This was critical to keeping the engine running. We quickly implemented new procedures around
manufacturing personnel movement and enhanced flexible schedules for our retail team, to improve safety
and accommodate new needs from our customers. We enhanced cleaning protocols and PPE, partnered
closely with local and federal governments, transitioned nearly all meetings to virtual and asked corporate
functions to work remotely. While these steps added higher near-term costs and impacted productivity,
they were an imperative for creating a safer work environment and ensuring that our business continued
operating effectively as we pressed forward to support customers and consumers.

These measures, along with other factors, have helped us to maintain a global infection rate of less than
2% and a U.S. rate of less than 1% despite having over 10,000 frontline employees. Additionally, our
employee Net Promoter Scores have increased significantly during the pandemic, which speaks to our
strong culture and the passion, engagement and commitment from our employees.

While some of our competitors pulled back, we did the opposite because we knew we had the team,
the brands, the financial strengths and the capabilities to lean in. We took action to capture share and
enhance our customer relationships while continuing to provide consumers with the treats they wanted
during this difficult time.

Within North America, COVID-19 has had a slight positive impact on overall consumer chocolate and
sweets consumption, despite significant shifts in where consumers are shopping and what products they
are buying. Hershey has been able to significantly outperform the category, with chocolate category share
gains of 160 basis points and sweet share gains of 30 basis points since the pandemic began. We have
focused on the areas of our portfolio that are resonating most with consumers during this pandemic,
such as S'mores, Candy Dish and Twizzlers for movie night and road trips. Importantly, our best-in-
class capabilities in sales, supply chain and media, just to name a few, have enabled us to capture this
incremental growth by quickly identifying trends, predicting demand spikes, ramping up production,
adjusting media copy and targeting and deploying our retail sales team.

A great example of this has been our S'mores activation. Early on, our category management teams
identified that ZIP codes with high COVID-19 cases were seeing a 40% to 50% increase in demand for
our milk chocolate bars. Consumers were looking for safe, fun ways to spend time together outdoors and
S'mores met that need. Our teams quickly created a model that combined actual and projected COVID-19
cases by ZIP code with store-level traffic and sales trends. We were able to predict spikes in demand,
adjust our manufacturing schedules and proactively get the right amount of inventory into the stores
to capture this strong demand. We adjusted our media copy to reflect the changes our consumers were
experiencing. We elevated our e-commerce activation and leveraged our retail sales teams to merchandise
that inventory in store. This is a great example of how the breadth of our capabilities enabled us to quickly
capitalize on consumer opportunities in a dynamic environment.

We also leveraged these same capabilities as we planned for and executed our largest season, Halloween.
Our early decision to lead and drive this season was critical to shaping our customers' buying decisions. As
always, we led with deep consumer insights, a strong portfolio and a highly collaborative approach to help
consumers find creative solutions to safely participate in their favorite season and drive category sales for
our retailers. We surveyed our consumers weekly, and we leveraged real-time media insights to identify
additional early signals around sentiment, enhanced our public and private partnerships to promote Safe
Halloween guidelines. We created our Hershey Happiness hub to be a central resource for inspiration and
for ideas celebrating Halloween and we accelerated our omnichannel activation.

I can't say enough about the passion and the energy of our entire organization brought down to execute
down the home stretch. Our retail team showed once again what an incredible competitive advantage they
are for us as they operated safety protocols to build amazing displays and stock shelves. Our supply chain
teams worked tirelessly and our office employees volunteered in stores and at our plants to make sure
consumers could still have the products they desired to celebrate the season.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

As expected, we saw strength early in the season for at-home consumption as well as baking and crafts,
and we saw lower participation in trick or treat in the final 2 weeks. But overall, the category showed
resilience in a very volatile environment with COVID-19 case counts rising significantly across the country
during the final week. While we sold differences across the country and by channel, many consumers
found new and different ways to enjoy the season from candy slides, to contactless trick or treat and
individual bags, to candy graveyards and booing, everyone, including us, got more creative this year. And
we believe that many of these creative ways to celebrate will become a part of people's new traditions in
the future.

Preliminary results indicate that confectionery category sales were down mid-single digits for the season,
ahead of many other Halloween categories. As expected, we were able to leverage our brands, insights
and capabilities to outpace the category and grow sales slightly versus prior year, significantly expanding
our share leadership. Both the category and our own sell-through were strong, and we believe we are well
positioned to keep the momentum going into the holiday season. Given the different nature of occasions
and holiday, we expect less volatility for this season than we saw for Halloween. Our sell-in was solid,
and product is on shelf and merchandised in many stores already. We expect our strong execution, great
brands and innovative new products will enable us to gain share of the holiday season.

In our nonmeasured channels, we saw trends continue to sequentially improve in the third quarter. Sales
in movie theaters, vending machines and specialty stores declined at half the rate that we saw in the
second quarter. While we expect these channels to be volatile and slower to recover, we have been able
to leverage our strength in traditional channels and e-commerce to convert many of these consumers as
their shopping habit shift.

Our e-commerce business grew 80% in the third quarter. This deceleration versus Q2 was driven by a
key retailer deemphasizing ship-to-home chocolate during the hot summer months as they prioritized
other high-demand categories. Meltables began shipping again in October, and as a result, we expect
Q4 growth to be stronger than Q3. Our click-and-collect and local store delivery growth has continued
to perform very well, with growth of over 140% in the third quarter, and we expect continued strength
to close the year. While the impact on the overall chocolate and sweets category consumption has been
slightly positive, COVID-19 has had a more material impact on the consumption of a few of our products,
including baking, refreshment and nutrition bars.

Within our baking lineup, we have seen strong growth in our syrup, cocoa and chips products as
consumers are spending more time cooking at home with their families. In measured channels, sales of
our baking products have consistently grown 15% to 20% over the past several months. We are excited to
build on this momentum in the key November and December months with strong omnichannel activation
and in-store execution. This strong at-home consumption has more than offset declines in our food service
baking business.

Within refreshment, the category has experienced declines of 20% to 25% as the functional need for
breath freshening has lessened as consumers spend more time at home and social distancing. These
trends have sustained for several months and we expect them to continue until consumer mobility
increases and social distancing declines. Hershey's results here have been relatively in line with the
category.

Similarly, the nutrition bar category has declined as the need for on-the-go protein and meal replacement
has reduced as consumers spend more time at home cooking. Despite difficult category pressures, ONE
is performing well relative to the category, gaining 30 basis points of share this year. While we expect
category trends to remain pressured, we are continuing to invest in the business and innovate.

Our Mini Bars and plant-based line are performing well and adding incremental distribution and
households to the portfolio. Within salty snacks, we have not really seen a material impact in overall
consumption, despite large swings in where consumers are purchasing and eating. SkinnyPop and
Pirate's Booty sales and share performance both accelerated in the third quarter as we added capacity
and resolved some of the COVID-19-related disruptions within our co-manufacturing network. Per IRI,
SkinnyPop retail sales grew 10% in the third quarter behind strength in both our ready-to-eat and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

microwave offerings. During the same period, Pirate's Booty retail sales grew 8.3%. We expect to finish
the year strong ahead of both our operating and strategic plans for this year.

Within our International segment, category sales have declined as COVID-19 has had an impact on retail
operations as well as on consumer mobility and economic security. While drivers of category declines
differed slightly by region, we saw improvement across markets in the third quarter versus the second
quarter. In China, the key chocolate occasion of gifting has continued to be pressured by fewer gatherings
and social distancing. While trends have improved over the course of the year, we do expect category
sales declines to persist in the fourth quarter. While results have been challenged, we are pleased with
the improvement in sales trends this quarter versus the first half and our year-to-date share gains of
approximately 40 basis points.

In India, significant government restrictions and GDP declines have impacted consumers' ability to
purchase premium price chocolates, resulting in category declines of approximately 20% this year.

While these challenges temporarily impacted our ability to launch our Hershey Kisses products nationally,
our team made great progress in the third quarter securing new distribution. Year-to-date, we've gained
approximately 50 basis points of chocolate marketplace share, and we hope to build on that momentum in
2021.

Like the U.S., our banking portfolio has seen strong performance. This has more than offset chocolate
category pressures and helped contribute to a net sales increase of 6% in the quarter, a meaningful
improvement versus our second quarter results.

Finally, in Mexico, supply chain disruptions and retail closures, in addition to large GDP contractions, have
resulted in category declines.

While Hershey's net sales were down 36% for the quarter, we have consistently outperformed the
chocolate category in modern trade channels this year, gaining 90 basis points of share. While trends have
improved slightly over the past several months, we expect this market to remain challenged in the fourth
quarter due to both COVID-19 as well as the implementation of new packaging requirements.

As market conditions continue to evolve around the world, we will continue to evaluate our business
operations and make any necessary adjustments to help ensure we have the right strategies to make
international a growing and profitable contributor to our company's performance.

In summary, we expect to deliver adjusted earnings in the top half of our original guidance for the year.
While there was an approximate 2-point negative impact on sales, driven by COVID-19 challenges within
our International and Other segment, we were able to mitigate these pressures with strengths in our
North American segment, prudent cost management and commodity favorability. Our core U.S. business is
pacing ahead of planned expectations, driven by increased at-home consumption as well as strong instant
consumable pricing conversion and innovation. Importantly, we have continued to advance work on the
largest priorities that we believe are most critical to achieving our long-term strategies and delivering top
quartile financial performance in the future.

By executing with excellence today and remaining focused on the future, we believe we are well positioned
to drive advantaged performance and shareholder returns in the coming years.

Now let me turn it over to Steve to provide some more details of our financial results.

Steven E. Voskuil
Senior VP, CFO & Chief Accounting Officer

Thank you, Michele, and good morning, everyone. To start, I want to also express how proud I am of the
way Hershey has performed in this unprecedented operating environment. Our third quarter results are a
true testament to our team's ability to adapt and execute during a period of volatility.

In the third quarter, we delivered solid top line growth of 4% from a balance of core brand strength,
price realization and improving results in business areas highly impacted by COVID-19. This strong sales
performance, in addition to our relentless cost management and agile decision-making, drove double-digit

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

EPS growth in the quarter. Just as important as the current results is the momentum we have entering the
fourth quarter.

As Michele mentioned, our North America segment had a strong quarter, with organic constant currency
sales growth of 5.5%. Price realization contributed 3.3 points of benefit to the quarter, driven by our
July 2019 price increase. We will begin to fully lap this price increase in the fourth quarter and therefore,
expect pricing benefits of approximately 50 basis points versus a year ago. We remain committed to our
current pricing strategy of smaller, more frequent price increases, and it will remain one of many levers we
deploy to grow our business over the long term.

Volume contributed 2.2 points of growth in the third quarter as inventory replenishment and strength
within our core chocolate and baking products more than offset softness in our nonmeasured channels.
Inventory replenishment contributed approximately 1.5 points of growth in the quarter, and we expect a
similar benefit in the fourth quarter.

Last quarter, we shared that food service, specialty retail and refreshment in the North America segment
were particularly challenged as a result of COVID-19. While these businesses remain negatively impacted,
we saw incremental improvements in each from down 40% in the second quarter to down roughly 20%
in the third quarter. We expect our third quarter trends to sustain until social distancing subsides and
consumer mobility begins to recover.

As Michele shared with you, COVID-19 has impacted where and how consumers are enjoying confection
but has had minimal impact on overall consumption in North America. The mid single-digit growth that
the North America segment achieved in the third quarter was due to our significant outperformance
in the category. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect a similar level of organic net sales
growth as we benefit from continued strength in our core brands, share gains, net price realization and
replenishment of retail and distributor inventory levels. As a reminder, we will begin to lap the acquisition
of ONE Brands beginning in October. So this will minimize the net acquisitions and divestitures benefit in
the fourth quarter.

Gross margin for the North America segment expanded 100 basis points to 46.3% for the third quarter,
driven by strong price realization, which more than offset increased warehouse costs from elevated
demand and unfavorable commodities. North America advertising and related consumer marketing spend
decreased 3.1% in the third quarter, driven by media cost efficiencies and optimized brand investment
related to COVID-19. As we shared in July, we began to selectively reinvest these savings into brands,
occasions and channels that align with consumer behavior and trends amidst the pandemic. Looking to
the fourth quarter, we expect advertising spend to grow in line with sales as we continue to increase our
marketing investment to sustain the top line momentum achieved in the third quarter.

In our International and Other segment, organic constant currency net sales declined 9.3% in the
third quarter versus prior year due to softness in our owned chocolate world retail locations and large
declines in air travel. While owned retail locations reopened during the quarter, foot traffic remains
suppressed, given reduced consumer travel and capacity restrictions imposed by government regulations.
Michele shared a detailed update on each of our international markets. Overall, we are pleased with the
incremental improvement reported in the third quarter. Combined constant currency net sales in Mexico,
Brazil, India and China declined 2.3% versus the third quarter in 2019 compared to a decline of 31.8% in
the second quarter. Consistent with the second quarter, we continue to take a disciplined approach to cost
management to minimize the profit loss from volume declines in the segment. Optimization in advertising
and related consumer marketing spend, along with savings in travel, resulted in an additional $8.5 million
of savings in the quarter. The segment reported operating income of $24 million for the third quarter, a
decline of $15 million versus the third quarter of 2019.

We estimate COVID-19 will negatively impact full year sales by approximately 2 points, driven by our
International and Other segment. The business areas within this segment are vast and varied, but overall
have been more volatile and slower to recover from the pandemic. Furthermore, sales volume is typically
higher in the second half of the year for this segment, given increased traffic in our owned retail locations
in the third quarter and purchases related to Chinese New Year in the fourth quarter. Both of these trip
drivers have been severely impacted by COVID-19. With that in mind, we do not expect a material change

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

in trends in the fourth quarter versus what we saw in the third quarter. Despite COVID-19 headwinds, we
remain committed to the importance of our International and Other segment to our overall business and
to our long-term growth algorithm.

Third quarter adjusted operating profit of $543.3 million resulted in an adjusted operating profit margin of
24.5%, an increase of 220 basis points versus the third quarter of 2019. Gross margin gains, along with
efficiencies in marketing and general and administrative expenses, drove operating profit expansion in
the quarter. As we look forward to the fourth quarter, we expect modest gross margin gains as we begin
to lap the pricing action from July 2019. Consistent with our previous commentary, we anticipate fourth
quarter incentive compensation to be favorable versus the prior year. However, given the strength in our
U.S. business this year, we now expect incentive compensation to be a $20 million tailwind versus the $30
million to $40 million tailwind we shared earlier.

The adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 21.5%, an increase of 140 basis points versus the year ago
period. This increase was primarily driven by lower excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation.
Third quarter other expense was $12 million, a decrease of $6 million versus the prior year, due to higher
nonservice-related pension expense in the year ago period. We do not expect any material changes to the
full year tax or other expense outlook provided in January. But recall, we estimated a significant increase
to other expense resulting from additional tax credits in 2020. The full year adjusted tax rate is estimated
at 16% to 17%, and other expense is estimated at $100 million to $110 million.

We are resuming guidance for fiscal year 2020, given our visibility into seasonal and promotional orders
for the balance of the year. We expect full year net sales growth of around 1% and adjusted earnings per
share growth of 7% to 8%, the high end of our original planned guidance at the beginning of 2020.

We remain committed to our capital allocation priorities: Reinvestment for growth, dividends and share
repurchases. Let's briefly talk about each in turn, beginning with reinvestment. In the third quarter, total
capital additions, including software, were approximately $106 million with year-to-date investment of
$292 million. In the fourth quarter, we have significant spend planned for several projects related to our
supply chain initiative including expansion of capacity at Stuarts Draft, Virginia and construction of our
new fulfillment center in Annville, Pennsylvania, both projects announced earlier this year. Additionally, we
have a new project that we would like to share with you today, which is the construction of a distribution
center in Canada. While we currently have a shared Canadian site, we have outgrown this space and
believe our strengths and projected growth in this market warrants a larger, more innovative distribution
center. For the full year, we expect capital expenditures to be between $400 million and $450 million,
consistent with our prior guidance. Overall costs for these projects remain in line with original estimates,
therefore, we expect 2021 and 2022 CapEx to remain elevated as we complete these strategic programs.
We look forward to sharing further details with you on our fourth quarter earnings call.

Now to dividends and share repurchases. Over the past 90 years, we have remained steadfast in our
commitment to return cash to our shareholders by consistently paying quarterly dividends. Despite a
global pandemic, our strong financial profile and adaptive operating model has enabled us to continue
to return cash to shareholders this year. In the third quarter, we paid $164 million in cash dividends,
reflecting the 4% increase communicated in July. During the third quarter, we did not complete any
repurchases related to stock option replenishment, nor did we repurchase any shares against the $500
million authorization. Approximately $260 million remain available under this repurchase program. As a
result, we are in a strong cash position exiting the year, with balance sheet flexibility to continue investing
in our business, pay our dividend and advance our M&A agenda.

With that, I'll turn it back to Michele for closing remarks.

Michele Gross Buck
Chairman, President & CEO

Thanks, Steve. While we have experienced a lot of change this year, we have embraced the opportunity it
has presented to rethink what's possible, to be even more creative and to bring out the best in each other.
The strength and resiliency of our category and our brands, along with our incredible talent, makes us
excited about what lies ahead.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

Thank you so much for your time this morning. I invite you to listen to our live question-and-
answer webcast, which will begin today at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time and will be available at the
hersheycompany.com. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE HERSHEY COMPANY FQ3 2020 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

