The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 

NYSE:BK
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 15, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.92

1.01

Revenue  (mm)

3909.54

4010.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-14-2020 12:35 PM GMT

9.78

2.57

0.96

3.82

3.94

3872.84

15754.48

15613.44

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

0.99

1.00

0.91

0.92

1.07

1.01

1.05

1.01

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8.08 %

1.00 %

15.38 %

9.78 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Magda Palczynska
Global Head of Investor Relations

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Robert Henry Wildhack
Autonomous Research LLP

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the 2020 Second Quarter Earnings conference call hosted by BNY Mellon.
[Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference call webcast will be recorded and will consist of
copyrighted material. You may not record or rebroadcast these materials without BNY Mellon's consent.
I'll now turn the call over to Madga Palczynska, BNY Mellon's Global Head of Investor Relations. Please go
ahead.

Magda Palczynska
Global Head of Investor Relations

Good morning. Today, BNY Mellon released its results for the second quarter of 2020. The earnings press
release and the financial highlights presentation to accompany this call are both available on our website
at bnymellon.com. Todd Gibbons, BNY Mellon's CEO, will lead the call. Then Mike Santomassimo, our CFO,
will take you through our earnings presentation. Following Mike's prepared remarks, there will be a Q&A
session. As a reminder, please limit yourself to 2 questions. Before we begin, please note that our remarks
today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated
or implied by our forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those identified in
the cautionary statement in the earnings press release, the financial highlights presentation and in our
documents filed with the SEC, all available on our website. Forward-looking statements made on this call
speak only as of today, July 15, 2020, and will not be updated. With that, I will hand over to Todd.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Thank you, Magda, and good morning, everyone. Before diving into the numbers, let me share a few
thoughts on how our business has been performing as we've adapted to a new normal during the second
quarter. Volumes and volatility normalized somewhat across our businesses from the extreme first quarter
disruption and conversations with clients have shifted from dealing with the crisis to how we can help
support their business in this new environment. But much uncertainty remains over the timing and shape
of the global economic recovery. In addition, the low interest rate policy is a significant headwind for us
that is unlikely to change in the near term. Operationally, we continue to navigate the repercussions of the
pandemic. Around 95% of our employees continue to work remotely, doing a phenomenal job delivering
excellent service to our clients. Our operating platforms and infrastructures are supporting the current
market working model well with record volumes in certain areas. All of which has put us in a good position
as we discuss new business opportunities with our clients.

Turning to our second quarter financial results. We reported solid pretax income of $1.2 billion and
earnings per share of $1.01. As a reminder, we did not buy best shares in the second quarter in line with
other big banks. We accreted capital and ended the quarter with a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 12.6%,
up around 120 basis points from the last quarter. Our average balance sheet increased year-over-year
to $415 billion, mainly driven by strong deposit inflows and associated growth in the securities portfolio.
Revenue was up 2% despite the impact of lower interest rates and related money market fee waivers,
all of our Investment Service businesses showed resilient performance. Asset Servicing, in particular, is
showing nice pockets of growth, and our focus on service quality is paying off. The challenges that asset
managers are dealing with are driving more of them to outsource and our unique capabilities in fund
accounting and transfer agencies as well as investments we've made in building out our digital and data
capabilities positions us well.

Last month, more than 800 attendees representing over 160 client firms and 25 consulting firms and
vendors that we work closely with participated in our virtual ENGAGE '20 Invent. ENGAGE, which has
long been the premier data and technology conference for buy-side investment managers, highlights next
generation, cloud-first business applications. During the event, we announced the launch of our new data
and analytics offerings, an expanded relationship with Microsoft to provide these solutions on the Microsoft

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Azure public cloud. We are pleased to have clients such as Charles Schwab and Nuveen share case studies
on how their businesses will benefit from our newest offerings. Those include a new cloud-based data
vault that supports the rapid onboarding of data, whether public markets data, private proprietary or
unstructured data. To offer greater flexibility and accelerate client innovation and discovery. We also
released our new ESG application which supports the creation of investment portfolios, customized to
individuals clients, environmental, social and governance preferences and provide crowdsourced guidance
around the preferred ESG factors and priorities. And our distribution analytics application, which builds
upon our intermediary analytic service, leveraging data from broker-dealers and RIAs to predict drivers
of demand for mutual funds and ETFs so they can identify how to successfully gain market share. And
across all our businesses, there are opportunities to capture greater market share within products,
services, target client segments and markets. Much of this is the outcome of consistently investing in
technology and talent. There's been an acceleration this year in the adoption of digital solutions by our
clients who continue to review opportunities to automate. The progress we're making in digitizing our
business positions us well on this front, and we're increasing our investment spend on technology-driven
automation initiatives in 2020. In March through June alone, we migrated over 100 clients to digital
solutions and are accelerating our plans to do the same across all of our Asset Servicing clients. We are
now accepting digital signatures on many tax-related forms to support remote processing, digitizing
these processes will help thousands of clients and reduce the millions of physical documents we deal
with each year. We also developed a new API enabled FX solution jointly with Deutsche Bank that can
dramatically improve confirmation times for restricted emergent market currency trades to provide front
office users with faster execution and enhanced workflow transparency. So we've accelerated our progress
on the digital front, and there are dozens of other examples. I'm proud that we've been working with
the regulators and the industry to bring our capabilities in supporting the markets. Since last quarter,
we've been administering the primary dealer credit facility, which facilitates dealers' inventory financing.
Our Corporate Trust business has also been mandated as the term asset-backed securities loan facility
administrator, and we're also servicing [ colt ] funds and asset servicing.

Additionally, we're playing an important role in the Fed support of liquidity in the municipal markets via
the municipal liquidity facility. This one is a demonstration of the power of our uniquely broad range of
solutions. We're able to bring together the expertise from Asset Servicing, Corporate Trust, Investment
Management and Capital Markets to create a complex solution to support the facility.

Looking ahead to the second half of 2020, we are confident that our business model, expense control and
conservative credit risk profile will serve us well. Our efforts with clients are yielding results with higher
win ratios, better revenue retention at a good pipeline in purchasing an Asset Servicing in particular.
We are pleased with the momentum we are seeing across all of our businesses. The low interest rate
environment will present a significant challenge, both through net interest revenue and money market
fee waivers in Pershing and Investment Management and to a lesser extent, other Investment Services
businesses. But at the same time, we will benefit from increases in transaction volumes, FX volatility,
stronger market levels and activity in our Clearance and Collateral Management business. The recent
DFAST and CCAR results demonstrate the strength and resilience of our business model. We had the
lowest peak to trough reduction in CET1 capital under the Fed's model relative to other U.S.-based G-SIB's
at just 20 basis points.

Now that's well below the minimum SCB requirement. Looking ahead at our capital returns, we expect
to maintain our quarterly common stock dividend of $0.31, and we will not buy back shares during the
third quarter. We have a very strong capital position and low-risk model that should allow us to perform
well under a wide range of scenarios. We will commence buybacks as soon as possible, depending on
the economic and regulatory environment, our outlook for the business and outcome of the resubmitted
capital plans based on new scenarios we expect to receive later this year. In the second quarter, we
opportunistically issued $1 billion in preferred stock, and we think this gives us opportunity to restack
our capital down the road. Longer term, our growth is not dependent on increasing risk-weighted assets,
which gives us the ability to return at least 100% of capital to shareholders, and we're confident in our
ability to continue returning attractive levels of capital. And while the outlook for the economy remains
uncertain for the foreseeable future, I know that we will continue to navigate this environment well by
deepening our client engagement as demand for our service grows, benefiting from improving quality and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

improving efficiency of our operations. Last week, we announced that with the upcoming retirement of
Mitchell Harris, we've elevated Hanneke Smits to CEO of Investment Management, effective October 1.
Hanneke has been leading Newton investment management since 2016 and has spearheaded Newton's
business momentum and client-centric culture. Under Mitchell's leadership, we've made great progress
in building a diversified Investment Management business, and we thank him for that. As we move
forward, Hanneke is ideally suited to build on this strong foundation to continue to drive performance
and innovation across our investment products. Catherine Keating will continue in her role as CEO of
BNY Mellon Wealth Management. And both Catherine and Hanneke will report directly to me. Mitchell has
cultivated a strong bench of leaders, including Hanneke and Catherine, who will continue to drive the
execution of our strategic priorities to deliver leading investment solutions to our clients, underpinned
by exceptional investment performance. Now before I hand it over to Mike, let me address how we've
been responding to recent events that have drawn attention to the very real racial and social issues in
our communities. Our Board and our Executive committee are passionate about using our voices and
being positive change agents. As a company, we take great pride in all of our differences and our diversity
of experiences and perspectives leads to better business outcome that starts with the diversity of our
Board, which is 30% African-American, 40% minorities and 30% female. We are challenging ourselves to
do more. We're supporting activities that create sustainable change, including philanthropy targeted at
creating opportunity, matching employee donations to nonprofits that support and strengthen the well-
being of underrepresented communities. Encouraging community volunteerism, doing pro bono legal work
to advance minority businesses, raising cultural awareness and strengthening our commitment to attract,
develop and retain a diverse workforce.

We're holding more open forms that foster meaningful dialogue and that we hope will bring us closer
together during these challenging times. We're learning from each other, building [ emphasis ] and
strengthening inclusive leadership skills that will serve us well and continuing to drive a high-performance
culture. We're expanding support for the well-being and emotional resilience of our people and their
families with additional employer services, resources and coaches who have cultural confidence. We know
these efforts like all the other components of our corporate social responsibility strategy are making us a
stronger company. Last week, we released our 2019 CSR report, which introduces our new strategy pillars
with associated goals and key performance indicators for the next 5 years. They include increasing senior
leadership positions held by women and ethnically and racially diverse employees. While we're proud that
for the sixth consecutive year, we've been named to the Dow Jones Sustainable World Index. We're going
to continue to challenge ourselves to do more.

In the long run, we firmly believe that doing what's right for the community, our employees and our clients
is in the best interest of our shareholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Mike.

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Todd, and good morning, everyone. Let me run through the details of our results for the quarter,
and all comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis unless I specify otherwise. Beginning on Page 3 of
the financial highlights document. In the second quarter of 2020, we reported earnings of $901 million,
down 7%, while earnings per share was flat at $1.01. Total revenue was $4 billion, up 2% even as we felt
the impact of lower interest rates through money market fee waivers and in our net interest income. Fee
revenue increased 2%, primarily reflecting higher fees in Pershing and Asset Servicing, partially offset by
money market fee waivers, lower investment management fees and the unfavorable impact of a stronger
U.S. dollar, fee waivers negatively impacted growth by approximately 3%. Net interest revenue declined
3% year-over-year to $780 million and was down 4% versus the prior quarter.

Our provision for credit losses was $143 million in the quarter, and this was primarily driven by
ratings downgrades, particularly across our commercial real estate book and the continuation of a
challenging macroeconomic outlook. We had no actual charge-offs during the quarter. Expenses were up
approximately 1% as we continue to balance ongoing expense discipline with our technology investments,
and we still expect full year expenses to be flat to last year. We had a solid return on tangible equity of
19% and maintained a pretax margin of over 29%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Now moving to capital and liquidity on Page 4. Our capital and liquidity ratios remain strong and well
above internal targets and regulatory minimums. In terms of shareholder capital returns, in the second
quarter, we suspended share repurchases, along with other financial services for our member banks, and
will do so again in the third quarter in line with federal reserve requirements. We continue to pay our
quarterly cash dividend, which totaled $278 million in the second quarter and believe we have ample
capacity to continue to pay the dividend in a variety of economic scenarios. Common Equity Tier 1 capital
totaled $20 billion at June 30, and our CET1 ratio was 12.6% under the advanced approach and 12.7%
under the standardized approach. Under the new stress capital buffer rules that will become effective
October 1, we will need to maintain a CET1 ratio of 8.5%, including a 2.5% stress capital buffer, which is
the minimum and a 1.5% G-SIB surcharge.

As we think about our binding capital ratio constraint going forward, Tier 1 leverage can be more binding
than CET1 due to the buffers we need to hold for potential growth in deposits, which are more volatile
than RWA during times of market volatility, very much like what we've seen over the last 2 quarters. As
always, we will continue to optimize our capital ratios across all the constraints. Our average LCR in the
second quarter was 112%.

Now turning to Page 5. My comments on interest revenue will highlight the sequential changes. Net
interest revenue was $780 million, down 4%. While client-driven deposit growth drove the increase in our
average balance sheet, this benefit was more than offset by a full quarter impact of lower interest rates.
Hedging activity added modestly to the linked quarter comparison, as you can see in the bar chart, and is
primarily offset in foreign exchange and other trading fees. Average deposit balances were up $25 billion
versus the first quarter averages and are up $62 billion or 28% versus last year. This growth is across all
of our businesses, some increasing from the monetary reserves in the system, clients [ like ] to cash and
some from internal deposit initiatives that are linked to operational and fee-generating activities. As we've
mentioned in the past, we generate and manage significant amounts of cash across our franchise. This is
a key client differentiator for us, particularly in volatile markets. We provide cash management services
that have led to good growth in deposits in our balance sheet, growth in money market funds in our open
architecture money market investment platform and through [ tri fast ] cash products. We've passed along
the Fed rate cuts as interest-bearing deposit rates declined to minus 3 basis points in the second quarter.
This was the result of the combination of very low rates paid in the U.S., plus negative rates on euro-
denominated deposits. As a reminder, approximately 25% of our deposits are non-U.S. dollar. On average,
the securities portfolio increased approximately $19 billion versus the first quarter and around $32 billion
in the last year as we have deployed the growing deposit base. The net interest margin of 88 basis points
was down 13 basis points versus the first quarter, driven by the increase in deposits and lower-yielding
low-risk interest-earning assets. We continue to focus on optimizing net interest revenue rather than just
net interest margin.

Now moving to Page 6, which provides some color on our asset mix. Our average interest-earning assets
increased to $358 billion, approximately 40% of these assets are held in cash or reverse repos while 43%
are in our securities portfolio and 16% in our loan portfolio. In addition to the funded loans shown on the
page, we also have unfunded committed lines, the details of which can be found in the 10-Q.

During the quarter, we saw about $1 billion of the $3 billion of borrowings drawn down from revolving
credit facilities repaid. And we're closely monitoring the portfolio, particularly the commercial real estate
exposure and other sectors more acutely impacted by the current environment. The impact of credits,
including commercial real estate, are performing well but may see additional downgrades, depending on
the shape and speed of the recovery.

Turning to the securities portfolio. We have a high-quality liquid portfolio, much of it is in U.S. government
agency securities, U.S. treasuries and sovereign debt. The portfolio increased as we deployed more
cash into securities including the commercial paper and CDs we purchased from our affiliated and third-
party money market funds. The $4 billion of CLOs are highly rated with 99% AAA or AA, 100% of the
nonagencies, CMBS are AAA and have solid subordination. The rest of the ratings breakdown can be found
in the supplement.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Page 7 provides an overview on expenses. On a consolidated basis, expenses of $2.7 billion were
up around 1%, driven by higher technology expenses and pension costs, offset by lower business
development expenses, namely travel and marketing and the favorable impact of a stronger U.S.
dollar. Distribution expenses were only slightly impacted by money market fee waivers and investment
management as the bulk of the impact for money market fee waivers was in Pershing and from third-party
funds.

Turning to Page 8. Total investment services revenue was up 3%. Assets under custody in our
administration increased 5% year-over-year to $37.3 trillion, primarily reflecting higher market values,
partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. Foreign exchange and other trading
revenue in the segment increased 16% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher volatility as well as
organic client growth in foreign exchange, even as industry volumes were down slightly.

Within Asset Servicing, revenue was up 5% to $1.5 billion, primarily reflecting higher FX, higher client
volumes across securities lending, liquidity services and transaction volumes as well as a onetime fee.
Securities lending revenues were higher on improved spreads and a strong demand for U.S. government
bonds.

In Pershing, revenue was up 1% to $578 million, despite the impact of money market fee waivers,
reflecting much higher money market fund balances, which were up 40% and higher transaction volumes
but down from the exceptional volumes we experienced in the first quarter. The net impact of money
market fee waivers, partially offset by higher money market fund balances negatively impacted Pershing's
revenue growth by 3%. Issuer services revenue decreased 3% to $431 million, reflecting declines in both
Corporate Trust and Depository Receipts revenue. Depository Receipts revenue was primarily impacted by
lower corporate action volumes, while in Corporate Trust's new business and deposit growth was offset by
lower volumes in some products and interest rates. Treasury services revenue was up 7% to $340 million,
driven by higher liquidity balances and related fees, offset by lower payment volumes correlated to lower
economic activity. Deposit balances increased year-on-year by 40% as investments in new capabilities
and increased focus on deposit gathering were critical to retaining most of the growth from earlier in the
year. Clearance and Collateral Management revenues were up 4% to $295 million from higher clearance
volumes, mostly from non-U.S. clients as well as fees and deposit balances. Average tri-party collateral
management balances are up 4% in the U.S. and 9% outside the U.S.

Page 9 summarizes the key drivers that affected the year-over-year revenue comparisons for each of our
investment services businesses.

Now turning to investment and wealth management on Page 10. Total investment in wealth management
revenue was down 3%. Investment Management revenue was roughly flat to $621 million, reflecting the
unfavorable change in the mix of assets under management since the second quarter of 2019 and the
impact of money market fee waivers, partially offset by equity investment gains, net of hedges, including
seed capital.

Please note the gains from seed capital include results from unconsolidated and consolidated investment
management funds, both of which can be lumpy in any given quarter, depending on market conditions.
Details can be found in the supplement on the consolidated income statement, the gains are either
an investment in other income or income from consolidated investment management funds, while the
negative impact from their hedging were approximately $30 million as recorded in other trading.

We had inflows of $20 billion in the quarter, reflecting continued cash inflows as well as long-term flows
into index funds and fixed income. Overall assets under management of just under $2 trillion or up 6%
year-over-year, primarily due to higher markets and cash inflows. Wealth management revenue was down
9% year-over-year to $265 million, primarily reflecting lower net interest revenue due to lower interest
rates and client migration to lower fee fixed income and cash products.

Now a few comments about the third quarter. First, I would caution you, as we did last quarter, that the
environment remains fluid and variables are changing quickly. Looking ahead at net interest revenue,
we will have a full quarter of lower rates in the third quarter, especially short-term LIBOR rates, which
declined throughout the second quarter. We have also seen some pickup in prepayment speeds in our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

mortgage-backed securities portfolio, given current and expected refinancing volumes. Significant excess
liquidity in the system continues to drive elevated deposit levels versus 2019, but the exit rate from Q2
is just a little lower than the average for the quarter. And as a result, we currently expect net interest
revenue to decline 8% to 11% sequentially. However, based on current market conditions, we would
expect net interest revenue to begin to stabilize in the third quarter.

Now in money market fee waivers, the pretax impact in the second quarter was $80 million, net
of distribution expense, with the biggest impact in Pershing. It's important to note that the -- that
approximately $50 million of this impact has been offset by a substantial increase in money market fund
balances, resulting in a net impact of approximately $30 million in the second quarter. We expect the
impact from fee waivers to increase in the third quarter by about $30 million to $45 million net of lower
distribution expenses. This additional impact in the third quarter would also be reduced if money market
fund balances continue to grow. A little over half of that impact will be in Pershing with the rest of the
investment management and asset servicing. We currently expect that we will incur an incremental $25
million in the fourth quarter and will be at a full run rate impact from fee waivers of about $135 million
to $150 million, offset by the incremental money market fund balance growth that we've seen in the
second quarter for net impact of about $85 million to $100 million per quarter by year end. This quarterly
impact could be reduced if money market fund balances continue to grow further. Current equity market
level should be a modest positive if they hold. We saw transactional activity in FX continue to normalize
over the course of the second quarter, assuming this continues it will be modest headwind sequentially,
although we expect the related dues will be higher than in the prior year.

If we see some volatility in the equity markets, transactional activity could pick up. On expenses, we will
expect them to be flat versus 2019, excluding notable items, this includes the 50 basis point full year-
over-year impact from higher pension expense. Credit costs will be highly dependent upon individual
credits, the future path of the health crisis and how the economic forecast changed by the time we get to
the end of the third quarter. In terms of our effective tax rate, while it was a little lower this quarter, we
expect it to be approximately 20% for the full year versus prior guidance of 20% to 21%.
With that, operator, can we please open the lines up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Thanks for the time this morning. A couple of questions. One, Todd, you mentioned the virtual
presentation that you gave or the virtual conference that you gave. And I wanted to understand how
important that is for generating new client activity? And if you think that, that virtual kind of format and
forum can deliver the same kind of client activity growth that you've seen in prior years, [indiscernible]?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. First of all, in terms of engaging with our clients, it's been pretty effective. I think initially, I think
there was a little reticence as we moved into the crisis, but now we basically see this as our BAU. And so
both clients and I think ourselves have gotten quite a bit better at managing the technology to actually
communicate and connect and share what we're doing. So this particular conference where we had about
1,000 clients and vendors come into it was -- we also posted on our website, a whole series of detailed
analysis of some of the new capabilities that are out there and available to them. And the hits against that
have been very high. So I think it's been pretty effective. We've actually seen the pipeline grow. We've
also seen retention high and actually, sales are up in the first half of the year over where we were last
year.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then Mike, on the guidance, could we just dig in a little bit on the NII
contract that you gave? I think you said NII down 8% to 11%. Maybe just give us some color on the
drivers there? And is it -- and why do you see it ameliorating as you go into 3Q and 4Q? And if you could
give us a sense of the differences in the drivers between deposit growth and yield compression, that'd be
helpful.

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, sure, Betsy. So I think when you look at the third quarter, it's really all about rates coming down and
getting the full impact of that for the full quarter, that's really the primary driver. And there's a series of
actions that I think you can see that we're taking in the results, both in increasing the securities portfolio
and optimizing sort of how we're investing there. And so I think as you sort of lookout past the third
quarter and you look at all the actions we're taking, plus you look at where the forward curves are that
gives us some confidence that it begins to stabilize in the third quarter as we look forward. And obviously,
the forward view on deposits will sort of have some impact on that but the marginal dollar gets a little less
impactful with rates where they are.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Maybe just a quick follow-up on the rate impact. We used to think an anchor might be the 2015 NIM low.
But I guess, I appreciate the long end has come down more than it was then. You mentioned focusing
on NII over net interest margins. So I guess there could be more down there. So my quickie is deposits
sticking around despite the interest-bearing deposit rate being minus 3 basis points. I'm curious to hear

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

any color on client conversations there. And if that's now at its resting point? Or is there more room on the
negative side as clients park and have no other alternatives?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Mike, why don't I start that one, and then you can probably give a little bit of color. I think that we're --
again, the mix of deposits makes a big impact, Glenn, on that rate. So there are a fair amount of foreign
deposits and European deposits that are actually carrying a negative rate, and we've passed that through
to the clients. In the U.S., with the IOER around 10 basis points, that seems to be anchoring somewhat
around that rate, unless we see changes going on in the money markets, which we haven't seen a whole
lot of noise yet. So I think most of the downside pass-through has already been made. I don't know, Mike,
if you have anything to add to that?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. No, I think that's right. I mean, I think the negative is really driven by euros, as Todd said, Glenn.
And when you look at the U.S. dollar deposits, it's a low single-digit sort of interest rate paid now on the
book. And so there's not a lot of room to continue to bring that down.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I appreciate that. One qualifier on the provision. Obviously, we're riding to a worse economic backdrop,
but you also mentioned the impact that downgrades have. So my question is if we move forward and
the economic scenarios don't change. In other words, we feel like we're kind of where we're at, will
further downgrades keep -- continue to be the gift that keeps giving on the provision? We're just trying to
dimensionalize how much to bake-in if the economic scenario doesn't change?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Okay. Mike, you have anything to add?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, sure, Todd. So, Glenn, I think it's a tough question to ask, right? And so if things don't get worse from
what is being projected now in the scenarios, then you would expect that the issuer downgrades should
be somewhat limited from here, but there will be idiosyncratic issues that may change some of that. So I
think, obviously, these -- the downgrades and the scenarios are somewhat interrelated as we sort of look
at both of them.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Mike, just a follow-up on the fee waiver commentary. I just want to make sure that we're talking about
it the right way in terms of the total number versus the gross. So are you saying that you'd expect that
growth to continue when you gave us the 2 sets of numbers. So just the cadence going forward? I guess,
maybe if you can just help us understand the net trajectory from here would be the better way, I think, to
help us think through that?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Yes. No, no, sure. I know -- and I can appreciate it's probably a little complicated. But so as you sort of
look at the net impact of $80 million to $100 million by the time we get to year end, underpinning that
assumes that balances holds to about where they are. So it does not assume that there is additional
growth there. And so I think if we do continue to see growth in the balances, we will see that get offset a
bit as we look towards the end of the year.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. So right, that net number, the $80 million to $100 million minus $50 million from growth, that
assumes the balances are flat from here. Okay. Geographically, a couple of quick things. Could you just
help us understand the size of the onetime gain in asset servicing and then just can you talk through the
-- just the income statement line asset servicing? Just what's happening underneath the surface there in
terms of core servicing collateral and broker-dealer services?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Mike, do you want to take that one?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Yeah, sure. So yes. So the onetime fee, Ken, is actually in other income. It's not in the asset servicing fee
line. It's not something we have disclosed exactly what it is, not super meaningful, but it does show up in
the other income line. So it doesn't impact your fee -- your asset servicing fees at all. As you sort of look
at what's underneath asset servicing and the fee line, I think you're seeing growth in both the clearance
and collateral management business and the asset servicing business, as sort of Todd pointed out the
different drivers there that are sort of impacting that line.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Can you just -- one more on the fee waivers. Can we track the level of money market fund balances? I
appreciate, obviously, there's assets funds in the asset management business, but it's also a number of
third-party funds on the Pershing platform. So I don't know if you've got that disclosed for the level of
those balances, and if it's something that we can track given the Pershing side, I don't think we can see?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Mike, do you want to take that one?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Yes, sure. And Brian, there's actually a couple of drivers underneath the fund balances. One, we're
obviously seeing it Pershing, and that's not something that we disclose. And two, we're also seeing it
growth in asset servicing as well, where we sweep money into money market funds through our open
architecture platform there [indiscernible] but also a bunch of other [indiscernible]. Those 2 numbers are
not something that we disclose. So we've seen growth across the platform, we've seen growth really in all
channels.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Right. So you could have an organic growth dynamic in this that's different than the money market fund
industry at large that could keep that -- the fee waivers closer or even less than $85 million to $100
million, is that a feasible conclusion?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Potentially, yes, potentially.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And then just maybe just to talk on the new business and asset servicing. Todd, you mentioned a lot
of initiatives partly from the tech investments on the data bulk and also the distribution analytics system.
Any way to frame what type of -- or what level of the new business do you think you're getting from these
initiatives in say the next -- or what you expect in the next, say, 6 months or so? And any kind of revenue
impact or growth impact to asset servicing, you think, as a result of these initiatives?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. I think, first of all, some of these are very new and some of the applications that we've just put out
there, we've just gone live in the past month or so. So our estimate is that we could see some meaningful
growth driven by the data and -- the digital and data analytics that we're offering that we talked about. So
it's just now gathering momentum. There is a lot of discussions. And -- but it's early. We've got a couple
of beta clients on it that we described, and they actually participated in the ENGAGE conference, both
Charles Schwab and Nuveen. But I think underlying it, if you look at our pipeline, if you look at the growth
rate that we demonstrated, we are seeing a little bit of organic growth for the first time in a while.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

So a couple of quick follow-ups. I guess first one is around NIR. So you guys talked about optimizing NIR
off of sort of 3Q trough levels, which makes sense. Can you walk us through sort of the opportunities that
you see to invest some of the excess cash that kind of compiled in the balance sheet into secures portfolio.
So anything specifically you can point to in terms of how much could ultimately be moved to securities
over time and sort of the yields you guys expect to earn on that? And then anything you guys could do
on the liability side as well. So deposit costs will be kind of what they are with the market. But curious if
there's an opportunity to further restack long-term debt so you guys do a little bit of that in the quarter.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Mike?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Yes. I'll just -- I'll try to get all of those pieces, Alex, or remind me if I don't. So as you sort of --
maybe I'll start with the last 1 first. So if you look at the liability side, we're always looking for ways to
sort of optimize. As you said, deposit costs are probably near where they're going to bottom in the U.S.,
but on the margin, there may be a little bit here and there with particular clients. On the long-term debt
side, we are looking at optimizing that more. I think you'll see us kind of bring that down maybe just a
little bit as we sort of look forward over the next quarter. But I think, obviously, we need to keep enough
long-term debt to meet a bunch of different constraints that we've got, but we're -- but I do think there's
a little bit of opportunity to optimize that as we look forward.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

On the security side, you can see the increases over there sequentially and year-on-year are pretty
significant in terms of what we've been able to redeploy. The majority of that has gone into sort of highly
liquid assets sort of HQLA as sort of the term goes, right? And I think you'll see us continue to put more
into HQLA assets as well as look for opportunities where we can get the right risk profile and the right
return for some less liquid assets as we sort of look forward. And as we sort of get more experience with
the deposit base, and we've been talking about this now for a couple of quarters. As we sort of see the
behavior of the deposits come on to the balance sheet. Each month, every 30, 60, 90 days, you get a
better sense of what the operational nature and the duration of those deposits are going to look like. And
so you can sort of keep -- you can keep optimizing how much you're going to deploy each month and
each quarter as you look forward. And so we're doing that. So we still think there's some opportunity to
continue to deploy more.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And my second question is just around the expense outlook. I think early in the
quarter, you guys spoke at a conference and the outlook for expenses for 2020, I believe it was flat to
down, and it sounds like it's flat now. So what's changed or could expenses still decline this year? And
maybe just a quick reminder in terms of how much incremental tech spend is running through P&L in
2020, which part of that, I guess, is supposed to phase out into 2021?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Okay. Mike, why don't I start with this and maybe you can add some additional color. I think we've guided
for a while that we'll be flat or around flat for the rest of the year, and I'm confident that we'll do that,
at least that or better. And as we look out to next year, I think we've got significant opportunities around
our efficiency programs, especially in operations. And the increased spend that we've made over the past
couple of years in Tech will begin to abate as the investments in infrastructure and resiliency will be largely
behind us. So we think we've got more that we can do here looking out over the next year or 2. Mike, do
you want to give a little more color around the tech spend?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Look, I think as we've talked about, now, in the last couple of years, we've -- as Todd said, we've
been making those investments in the operating platforms as well as other capabilities like we talked
about with data and analytics and other new products across the different businesses. And I think while
the growth rate has been slowing over the last year, I think, as Todd said, we've got much more flexibility
to sort of look at that as we sort of exit the year. The only other thing I'd add is, we're seeing the benefit
of the efficiencies come through. We're spending less in operations this year than we did last year. We're
going to spend less next year than we did this year. And we feel very confident that we've got line of sight
to continue to execute on the efficiency agenda as Todd mentioned.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Right. And I think in 2020, Alex, I'll add to that, I think we probably made the biggest spend that we've
made in tech in increasing efficiencies across -- the operating efficiencies across the company.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brennan Hawken with UBS.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Well, first, actually, I'd like to just start with the request. The fee waiver dynamic is -- it seems like there's
a lot of moving parts. Just something to consider for coming quarters, maybe a little enhanced disclosure
or maybe a memo disclosure, so we could try to consider how to model some of these components given

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

that there's balance movement and all this other stuff. I know it's probably tricky. But it might help. But
taking a step back, widening it back the lens a little. We're clearly in a rate environment that's a lot more
challenging for your business model. The idea that monetary policy, low rates as a monetary policy tool.
This certainly seems to be now the new normal, and it's not look a temporary thing that we're all dealing
with here. Are you starting to think about different ways in which you can engage with your customer
base, different ways in which you can structure your relationships in the deposit dynamics, so you can
have more confidence in the duration of the deposits. How are you making adjustments? Or how are
you thinking about making adjustments to sort of the fundamental ways in which you engage with your
customers, so you can ensure that you can monetize the components of the -- of all these relationships in
the most effective way, given low rates are going to be around for probably some time?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

So, Mike, why don't I take that? And then I think you can add some color to it. So first of all, Brennan,
the comments around the fee waivers, we'll take that to heart. Look, I want to make sure something is
clear because there might be a little confusion here. What we've indicated is that we think that the full
impact of interest rates to our net interest income will begin to stabilize in the third quarter. And then --
which is basically saying that we're coming out with approximately that run rate as we go forward. And
that's taking into consideration what we know today with the shape of the yield curve. So we see some
stability here as we reset around the very low interest rate environment as we fully reset around it. That
same impact is going to be fully reset through fee waivers by the end of the year. And if you look at the
disclosures that Mike had given you, it's very specific to what that is. We don't know what the actual
balances are going to be. So if the balances grow, then that impact can be quite a bit less because there'll
be additional income related to money market balances. So I wanted to make that clear. In terms of how
we're working with our clients and pricing, whether it's around -- whether it's directly around deposit
activity or our treasury services they're certainly taking the interest rate environment into consideration.
And anytime we put together more of our platform business like an asset servicing. We take that into the
pricing discussion, taking whatever market conditions would be a likely implication to our margins and that
type of activity. So that -- so we're doing that on a day-to-day basis. Mike, you have anything to add to
that?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

No, I think that's right. And we're continuing to have a pretty close dialogue with a lot of the clients
that have large or medium-sized sort of balances with us. And I think in part, as you look at a business
like treasury services, it's ensuring that we get our fair share of the payments business and the fee
revenue that comes along with having these balances. And so I think it's not only about optimizing sort
of the reinvestment side of the balance sheet. It's also about making sure that we're monetizing the fee
relationship with these clients as well. And that's as much a focus for us and our client and sales folks as is
the balance sheet side of it.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Yes. No, I appreciate that, and that's all very, very fair. When we think about capital, you flagged the
strong showing of Bank of New York through the DFAST process. Can you talk about, like, clearly, you
have a low-risk model. It was clearly showcased during the DFAST. But because you're categorized as
a G-SIB, you are now continue -- you're constrained in the ability to return capital. And so even though
you're pretty far above a lot of your requirements, you cannot manage the capital base as much as you
will. How are the engage -- how is the engagement with the regulators as far as trying to point that out,
are -- is there going to be a staggered start based upon risk -- inherent risk in the business model where
the G-SIB's that are lower risk should be able to start returning capital sooner? Or is this going to be
one of these things that all the G-SIB's are lumped together? And therefore, firms that have really, really
minimal credit risk profiles like BK end up at the same starting line as some of the big investment banks
and commercial banks?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. So Mike, I'll start with this one, too. So I mean, as you know, the stress test is a idiosyncratic test
for us. And so as we go through it, we have performed quite well. We have submitted our capital action
plans, and we have indicated that we will look and we performed quite well. And now there's going to
be a reevaluation using some new scenarios that were sometime at the end of the third or [ second ] or
fourth quarter. And so we'll go through that process. That being said, we expect to perform quite well, just
given the resiliency, as you pointed out, of our balance sheet and our business model. One of the things
that comes out of the new stressed capital buffer, the SCB model is that you get a little more flexibility
around your buybacks, you don't have to -- you're not limited on a quarterly basis. You just need to stay
within your SCB. So there could be a timing difference based on whatever regulatory considerations or
the environment might look like. But ultimately, as we accrete capital, that just puts us in a stronger
position to buy it back when that -- when the opportunity arises. So I like where we -- I like the way we
are accreting capital, and I think that puts us in a position to buy back a considerable amount of stock as
soon as possible.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

So first, I just want to try to understand the activity that has been with COVID impact and could normalize
if it had too. Any color on how much the deposit balance growth has been driven by some of the policy
response it could normalize. And then you guys noted if new business wins, and that's an area that you
would have expected to be a bit more challenging just in this environment? And so have you seen much
impact? And do you see like a pipeline forming up sequentially just start to normalize as we get back?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

So Mike, can you clarify the first part of that question? I didn't quite catch it.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes, sure. The first part was just on the growth in deposit balances. I know it's hard to determine exactly
what drive some of those balances. But some firms have tried to quantify what's been kind of impacted
by the coronavirus and some of the policy responses versus what's more sort of core business operations.
So that was the first part. And then the second part was just on the new business wins, you would have
expected that to be a little bit more challenging in this environment, but it seems like you continue to have
some decent wins there. So just wanted to try to gauge, how has that been impacted by this environment
in terms of the pipeline?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Okay. Mike, do you want to take the deposit component of the question?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sure, Mike. So as you sort of look at what's happened since the middle of March, what you saw
was this massive increase. And if you recall what our spot balance was at the end of the first quarter, it
was $337 billion in terms of deposits. And so that huge volatile piece of the deposit balance has come
off already. And as you can see where we were for the quarter in the 280s in terms of the average. And
so you've already seen that sort of massive spike retreat. And so while it's -- in hindsight, you'll have a
better view in terms of what's driven the increase from the February balances of around 230 to where

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

we are today. But I think it's hard to ignore that -- the environment that's been caused -- the economic
environment that's been caused by the pandemic is a big driver of the pace at which those deposits have
increased from the February levels. But as we look forward, while we're in this environment, for sure, it
feels like we're in this environment for longer. It's hard to see given all of the response, the policy, the
monetary policy response from the Fed and others that the balances would retreat much more from where
they are.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

And I can take the second component of your question, Mike, which was around the new business wins. I
mean the clients are still making servicer decisions. And relative to last year, we've probably seen -- we've
been winning and retaining more deals and higher value deals, which is important. I think we've learned
how to work from home. We've ramped up our focus on client management over that time. And we're
actually seeing an increase in activity with reviews and presentations being done virtually. And we've got
some nice wins around EPS around our mid-office space, and we continue to implement at a rapid pace
against the mid office. We've got the TALF servicing related wins as well. So the pipeline remains strong. I
think we're just -- we're getting used to this as being the current normal.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. Okay. And then Mike, you said a quick cleanup, there were just a few positive items in the quarter, I
think some that investment gains in funds. And then you mentioned that other investment in income that
asset servicing fee. Away from that, I'm assuming that most of it was just market-related, just given what
we saw in the quarter. But were there any other factors and for those line items, I'm assuming we just
expect that to normalize lower ahead, but just any color if there are any other nuances there?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

No. I think it's pretty straightforward on those investment and other income. You can kind of see the
breakdown of that in the supplement. The thing that will be in the other income line that will be volatile.
Obviously, you see capital and how the market sort of moves within the quarter. And then the other
trading line, you'll have some impact there as well from the same moves.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I'm just trying to reconcile a couple of thoughts. Todd, you had some really positive comments with
your introductory remarks and maybe you can elaborate some on your work with the government and
what kind of fees you get from that? And how sustainable those fees are. But then Mike, you certainly
commented about the impact of lower interest rates, and you're certainly not sugarcoating that. So that's
trying to connect those 2 different thoughts. And the other 2 different thoughts I have is you guys are
certainly service more fixed income assets than your peers. So you should be benefiting from that quite
a bit. And I'm not sure if that's showing up as much as you might expect with the increased fixed income
activity?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes, Mike, thanks. So in terms of -- there are a number of government programs that we're participating
or that we are supporting or administering, some of them are showing some growth. For example, the
PDCF is where we use our tri-party repo system. So it's just -- it's reflected in the amount of tri-party
repo activity. Which we did see go up in the first quarter and sustain itself, to a certain extent, although
it's starting to come off a little bit in the second and third quarter. But we are seeing good activity on the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

global side of the tri-party book. And it's really going to -- it's going to be a matter of how much those
programs are taken up before we see any revenue. I think the more important is the other component
of our revenue growth across our Investment Services business. In terms of the fixed income activity,
where you're seeing a clearing in collateral management, you are seeing increased clearing volumes on
our clearing platform, and we are benefiting to a certain extent from that. And I think that was reflected.
If you looked at the investment services uptick, in the highlights, you could see that. And I think we've
been very directive where we are with the interest rates. But I think the important thing to know is that
we are -- we see ourselves reaching a bottom here in a very short period of time.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So when you add it all together, do you think -- you said flat expenses for the year, revenues, any
guidance for the year for that relative to those expenses?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Well, I think that the headwinds for revenues we've disclosed to you. And that's all interest rate related.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And so do you think you can get flat operating leverage this year or positive or negative? Or are you
just -- you just don't want to make a call on that?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Right now, I wouldn't make a call on that just given the uncertainty around some of those elements.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. Lastly, you are investing in technology. So that -- you said that's elevated this year, and that should
fall off some next year. So that's -- you're not going to sacrifice those investments over the long term.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

That's correct. That's correct, Mike. I mean we -- in fact, the investments we made in operating
efficiencies that we'll see the benefit over the next couple of years, is the highest we've ever made -- will
be the highest we've ever made in 2020.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll next go to Rob Wildhack with Autonomous Research.

Robert Henry Wildhack
Autonomous Research LLP

There have been some headlines that some of your peers are rolling out what seems to be a similar
integration to and the partnership you struck with Aladdin and BlackRock. Can you talk about what you're
seeing on that front and maybe highlight what you think differentiates your integration there versus some
of the other options?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Mike, do you want to do that one? Or you want me to take it? Why don't you take it, Mike?

Michael P. Santomassimo

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Chief Financial Officer

Yes, sure, Rob. The -- look, I think as you would expect, BlackRock works with a whole series of providers
and those providers would use Aladdin in some form or fashion. And I think that's to be expected and was
happening already. I think the good news is, we're the only provider that has all our capabilities embedded
inside of Aladdin. And so the widgets or the capabilities or the functionality that we've built are actually
accessible through Aladdin, and we're the only ones that you can do that. So I think we've got a really
strong relationship with BlackRock on the servicing side and the partnership side, and we look forward to
continuing to build new capabilities with them that continue to differentiate what our common clients can
do versus others, but we do think there's some differences there.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

The question I have has to do with the credit quality. Clearly, you guys are not a credit-centric bank, like
some of the universal banks. But can you give us some color on the provision that you put up, what --
you book out your portfolio. When is that provision allocated to that portfolio? And was it just general
allocations or were there some specific reserves that you put against specific loans?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Mike, do you want to take it?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Gerard. So I would say generally, the build was related to commercial real estate portion of the
portfolio. That's certainly where the biggest piece of it was. It's not a general sort of allocation. Obviously,
it's a very detailed sort of name by name, and then you apply all the modeling that goes around with it.
But as you sort of look at the bill, the biggest portion of it would be related to the commercial real estate
portion.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. And then coming back to the deposit rates. You saw about, I guess, 11% or 12% increase
in your foreign office deposits. And the average rate went in the first quarter, we paid 20 basis points,
I think, or 29 basis points down to negative 12. What interest rates should we be watching overseas to
the negative rates? And we had the growth, even though you went to negative rates. I think deposits
essentially inelastic, meaning is there a point where you would be concerned that people would move
money out as the negative rates went too negative?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Mike, do you want to take that? [ It was ] for 29 to 12, yes.

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Yes. And Gerard, when you look at the disclosure there, domestic versus foreign offices, that doesn't
necessarily denote currency denomination, a good chunk of the deposits in the foreign offices are actually
U.S. dollar deposits. And so I think you really sort of need to look at the rate in aggregate when you think
about what's happened over the quarter. I think when you look at the -- and so as you sort of look at that
rate coming down, the biggest driver of the rate coming down in the foreign offices is actually us paying
lower amounts on U.S. dollars, not increased negative rates outside the U.S. but obviously, the biggest

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

driver for us other than U.S. dollar is going to be our euro deposits when you think about negative rates,
and that's something we're focused on. I think when you think about our deposits inelastic, I think there's
a portion of the deposits that are very much tied to the underlying operational activity. And so I think that
there is -- we have -- we do -- when we charge clients for negative rates, there are spreads attached to
those negative rates. And we haven't seen much movement as a result of the pricing and the spreads that
we've applied to those deposits.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Brian Kleinhanzl with KBW.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Great. Just a real quick question first on that tax rate guide, I mean you give it for the full year this year,
but is that also a good number to use on a go-forward basis, the 20%?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Mike?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

I would probably think 20% to 21% as you sort of look forward based on what we know today, but I think
for this year, it's definitely closer to 20%.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Perfect. And then just a quick follow-up on the expenses. I heard the flat expense guide this year, but
obviously, there's a lot of kind of one-timers and unique nature going on given the current situation. So
is that the right way to think about expenses as we look forward to '21 and that there should be a natural
downward progression to expenses just as these one-timers go away. And then the rest of the -- you guys
think about expenses which is really going to be driven by revenue growth in the next year so that there is
some kind of downward by some expenses to start with for '21?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Well, yes. What I had indicated there are a couple of good things. Number one, is I think the efficiencies
that we've invested in will continue to register themselves next year. And over the next couple of years.
And we're not slowing down on that. There's a lot more automation, a lot of additional things that we
can do to make ourselves more efficient and actually improve the client experience at the same time.
And on top of that, we have been growing our tech expense quite a bit over the past 3 years. A lot of
that was infrastructure, resiliency as well as some of the efficiency investments and some of the product
capabilities. We think a firm of the infrastructure component of that will be behind us, which should give
us a bit of a tailwind as we look out over the next couple of years.

Operator

We have a follow-up question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Mike, just maybe just to dive in a little bit more on the balance sheet. Deposit levels, I think, at period end
were up at [ 305 versus the 283 ] average. So maybe just some commentary on whether you think that
was the typical quarter end spike? Or do you think those levels are -- and the period levels of deposits
are sustainable as you see it right now in 3Q? And then just on the securities mix that you talked about

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

moving more short-term shifting to balance sheet composition towards security as you get confidence
in those durability of the deposits. What type of level do you think that mix could go up to you from the
43%? Because I guess you could potentially get some NIM expansion after this bottoms in 3Q if you do
that?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. I'll start with the first one, Brian. I think the -- you can't read much into 1 days worth of deposit
balances. And so I would sort of put that in the bucket of a typical quarter end spot number. And so
sometimes, that will be higher, sometimes it will be lower. And there was 1 deposit that sort of drove
that up a little bit for a particular client. So I think the guidance I gave around the current levels are
slightly below where the average was is probably a good way to sort of think about where we are right
now. I think as you sort of think about how much we can deploy into the securities portfolio I think
that's something that's dynamic based on sort of how we feel about the stability and the longevity of
those deposits. You'll see us continue to optimize as we go into the quarter. It's not something we'll give
you a specific percentage on because obviously, there are other drivers of that, but we do think there's
continued opportunity there.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the deposits and money market fund balances. Are you agnostic
mostly between that client usage as that cash moves around between third-party money market balances
and drive this, of course, as well versus the deposits on the balance sheet in those programs? Or I guess,
the question there, are you agnostic as to where that lands? Or are you trying to favor 1 area over the
other in terms of revenue generation capabilities, I guess, on the fee versus the balance sheet side?

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

You may take that, Todd?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. Mike. I think the answer is it depends, Brian. I think when you think about short-term balances, that
we know won't be around for very long. I think we are relatively agnostic with IOER at 10 basis points of
where they go, whether it's in a money market fund or on the balance sheet. I think we'll earn about the
same. I think as you sort of think about operational deposits, we are -- over time, we'll make more money
with them being on the balance sheet. I'll be very specific with clients, but thanks for the question.

Operator

We also do have a follow-up question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Sorry for the [indiscernible] but back to this money market fund dynamic real quick. So, Mike, I think on
the last update, you guys had said you expect the pretax impact on a quarterly basis from money market
fee waivers to be about $50 million to $75 million. And you talked about that being probably at the higher
end of that range in the second quarter. Now you guys guiding to $80 million to $100 million by the end of
the year. So I just want to make sure that these 2 numbers are kind of comparable. And essentially, we're
just talking about $20 million more in sort of incremental pretax input from fee waivers.

Michael P. Santomassimo
Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Yes. It's a good question, Alex. I think the -- when you look at the $50 million to $75 million, at that point,
it was unclear what was going to happen with money fund balances. And so I think the $50 million to
$75 million was the gross impact. And as we sort of look at the $85 million to $100 million, that's the
net impact of now is accounting for the fact that we think the balance growth that we saw is going to
stick with us for a while. So if you look at what I gave in my script, I said by the fourth quarter, the gross
impact will be $135 million to $150 million, which is equivalent to that $50 million to $75 million, but it will
be offset by the fact that we think the balances will stick around. So that's how you get them from $85
million to $100 million.

Operator

And it does appear we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the conference
back over to Mr. Todd Gibbons for any additional or closing remarks.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Okay. Thank you, everybody, for your questions. And obviously, you can reach out to Madga in Investor
Relations for any further followup. Have a good day.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call webcast. A replay of this conference call webcast will be
available on the BNY Mellon Investor Relations website at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time today. Have a
good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 15, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

