The Kraft Heinz Company NasdaqGS:KHC
FQ3 2021 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Wednesday, October 27, 2021 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.72

0.58

Revenue  (mm)

6549.26

6082.26

12.07

3.97

2.69

2.61

25364.84

24358.54

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-26-2021 2:54 AM GMT

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.62

0.74

0.59

0.72

0.70

0.80

0.72

0.78

12.90 %

8.11 %

22.03 %

8.33 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Miguel Patricio
CEO & Director

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Presentation

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at the Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome to our
third quarter 2021 business update. During our review, we will make some forward-looking statements
that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and
these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC.

We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during these remarks. These non-GAAP financial
measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results.
And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental
materials posted at ir.kraftinzcompany.com.

Today, our Chief Executive Officer, Miguel Patricio, will provide an update on our overall business
performance. And Paulo Basilio, our Global Chief Financial Officer, will provide an overall financial review
and our near-term outlook. We've also scheduled a separate live question-and-answer session with
analysts. You can access our earnings release, supplemental materials and audio of our question-and-
answer session at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. A replay of the question-and-answer session will be available
following the event through the same website.

With that, I will turn it over to Miguel.

Miguel Patricio
CEO & Director

Thank you, Chris. Let me start by saying that I'm very proud of Kraft Heinz team for delivering another
quarter of results that exceeded our expectations. Not only is our team generating strong results on both
the top and bottom lines. They are doing it by navigating an increasingly challenging environment. By
leaning into our scale, agility and new operating model, we are advancing our transformation in a way
that provides us both near-term benefits as well as long-term advantages, including strategic actions that
strengthen our portfolio and financial flexibility.

As we can see on Slide 5. This is evident in the organic net sales growth continuing to be resilient on both
a 2-year basis and versus the significant gains last year. In fact, organic net sales growth strengthened
sequentially from Q2 to Q3. Price realization is beginning to come through faster, and our focus on variable
costs efficiencies is paying off. We can see this in our gross margins, where in Q3, we remained in line
with 2019 levels despite escalated cost inflation. And as Paulo will discuss, we now expect to deliver more
adjusted EBITDA dollars for the full year than our previous guidance issued in September.

When we shared Q2 results in August, the world had felt some optimism around the pandemic as succeeds
continue to roll out. But supply chain disruptions, labor issues and raw material inflation had begun to take
root.

Today, all of these issues remain and they have evolved to be more challenging, not only for us, but for
every company in our industry.

Importantly, we are also evolving as a company. We are a much stronger company than we were 2 years
ago. And through our transformation, we are well positioned for the road ahead.

What gives us confidence in our ability to capture sustainable growth and profitability is not just what
we are delivering, but how we are delivering and why we can be even better. From the outset of our
transformation, you have heard me say how critical it was to build a culture of continuous improvement in
every aspect of our operating model.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Internally, we talked a lot about daring to be better every day, continuing to raise the bar in everything we
do. and leveraging our scale through our operating model to quickly adapt as the environment produces
new challenges.

And we look at how we are performing we can see that we are not only acting to remedy short-term
challenges. We are also creating long-term advantage.

Let me provide you with some examples. First, our supply chain team has been truly remarkable. Since
the outset of the pandemic, they have been leveraging our scale to minimize shortages, mitigate inflation
and generally improve our agility through a change in mindset.

Second, our procurement team has continued to maintain good raw material availability and contain
inflation through partnerships with our suppliers.

Third, we have continued to build process and capabilities across our value chain that will give us a
competitive advantage going forward. For instance, stepping up to design to value for our brands to
increase the flexibility of our formulas with alternative ingredients and sizes while improving the quality of
our consumers' experience.

These actions are enabling us to mitigate gross inflation into 2022 and deliver efficiencies for us to
reinvest in our brands.

As far as gross inflation, for the full year 2021, we continue to expect inflation at the high end of the
mid-single-digit range across our full cost basket with inflation accelerating in the second half to the high
single-digit rents.

And for 2022, we expect elevated inflation to persist at least during the first half of the year, mainly driven
by the carry-over impact of 2021.

Regarding gross efficiencies, we remain on track to deliver the $400 million we have planned for this year
as part of our multiyear plan. And in the coming months, we will talk about new ways we are building
agility to unlock additional efficiencies faster.

At the same time, we remain confident in the many levers we can pull to respond to inflationary pressures
and protect our ability to invest in growth. As you can see on Slide 8, as we did in the third quarter, in
the fourth quarter of this year, we expect to continue delivering positive pricing even though we are
lapping strong mid-single-digit price increases in the second half of 2020. And based on the actions we are
implementing through the end of the year, we expect to see strong pricing in the first half of and enough
to offset the inflation we've seen, including the carry-over impact from 2021. And if input costs keep going
up from today's levels, we will take more actions as appropriate.

Importantly, to support our pricing power, we continue to build relevance for our brands through our
platform-based approach. Our focus on consumer needs, instead of simple category definitions, is
strengthening our insights, our R&D and our creativity. This is guiding us on a path to renovate the
product packaging and a brand proposition of approximately 70% of our brands by the end of 2022.

To support this, we have kept executing the investments we have in our plan. And through the first 9
months of the year, we have increased our advertising or working media spend by 9% versus last year and
increased our R&D spending to 17%. And we are already seeing this come to life in some of our biggest
brands in our biggest markets.

For example. In the United States, Oscar Meyer gained roughly 0.5 point of share in Q3 versus last year,
and we have been seeing sequential share improvement since May driven by the renovation and relaunch
of the brand that we talked about in February. And Ore-Ida has continued to grow share up more than 2
share points versus Q3 2020.

With Ore-Ida, we have invested in production, marketing and insights, and we are now gaining distribution
through growth-oriented category plans developed with our retail partners.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

In our Taste Elevation platform, we are gaining share across 80% of the countries in our international
zone, including 90 basis points of share in Latin America in Q3, more than 1 point of share in Australia.
And in the U.K., Q3 share was up more than 1 point aided by the Heinz vegan sauces that we launched
earlier this year.

We are also building on that momentum and leveraging the plant-based heritage of our global Heinz brand
with innovation such Heinz Beanz Burgerz, which we launched in June; the new Heinz Plant Proteinz soups
in Australia and New Zealand; and Purgrains, plant-based easy meals in Canada.

Overall, we have made good strides in the right direction, especially as it relates to near-term pricing
power.

At the same time, we are still at the beginning of our journey to fully leverage occasion-based insights and
create new culturally-relevant ways to engage our consumers.

And from a longer-term perspective, we are moving in the right direction, getting closer to our consumers,
strengthening our brands, reigniting relevancy and winning with the marketplace through sharper and
more proactive execution. We can see this happening in our biggest market, the United States, on Slide
#11.

In the U.S., our growth in both household penetration and repeat rates versus 2019, remained strong in
the third quarter. And within this performance, our priority growth platforms, we were even stronger, with
Taste Elevation gaining 5 percentage points in household penetration and 12 percentage points in repeat.
An Easy Meals Made Better, gaining 12 percentage points in household penetration and 20 percentage
points in repeat. Not only is this fully remarkable for such well-known established brands, it also speaks to
the inherent strength and potential they have when we apply the right focus.

And as we make investments to add capacity, we believe we can capture even greater ongoing
consumption and market share going forward.

In fact, if we had this additional capacity in place now, our organic net sales growth and market share
performance would have been stronger in the third quarter. Our overall market share softened in the third
quarter and service levels were more challenging on a sequential basis. This happened mainly in back-to-
school categories where demand is outstripping our current capacity to serve.

Categories like powder beverages, which was up 7% versus Q3 2020. Kid meals combos up 10% and kids
single-serve beverages up 17% and each of this posting strong growth on top of growth in 2020.

And while we are working to match the demand, we are likely to experience the same in the certain
holiday-driven categories in the fourth quarter, even though household penetration and repeat rates
should remain strong.

The other tremendous opportunity we have on the growth front is our singular focus on driving our
Taste Elevation platform in emerging markets. In the third quarter, emerging markets organic net
sales remained 14% above 2019 as we continue to invest in to capture white space in both retail and
foodservice. And heading into next year, our expectation will remain consistent for year double-digit
organic net sales growth in emerging markets.

Three factors give us confidence for that. One is the fact that where our go-to-market model is up and
running, we are growing strongly with Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa, up 28%. And in Latin
America, up 35%. Two, we expect to begin turning around and capturing the long-term opportunity in
China next year, having put in place a new team with extensive local experience in the market. And finally,
we are beginning strengthening our footprint and growth potential even further through acquisitions and
capacity additions.

For emerging markets, in particular, our improved financial flexibility can help us accelerate our long-term
growth potential. We are doing this in 2 ways. First, we are building critical capacity in priority markets
like Russia and China to capture our full potential across channels. Second, in recent weeks, we closed the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

acquisition of Assan Foods in Turkey and announced the acquisition of Hemmer in Brazil, both business
focused on Taste Elevation in emerging markets.

While relatively small acquisitions, they serve as highly accretive stepping stones to accelerate profitable
retail and foodservice growth across markets. And we will look for more. Taking all this together, we are
seeing our efforts pay off where it counts, strong sales performance in the channels we serve.

In the third quarter, on a global basis, across our retail channels, we maintained the vast majority of sale
gains from exceptional growth we achieved in 2020, which translates to a roughly 10% bigger business
versus 2019 levels. At the same time, our sales through food service channels were more than 20%
greater than last year as the channel rebounds and our growth outpaces the industry, thanks to our
renewed focus on insights, culinary trends and distribution.

This profile reinforces our optimism about our potential going forward in the sense that it shows that
several pandemic-inspired cooking and eating behaviors are sticking, even as mobility increases and
restrictions lift. And in the foodservice channel, we still see significant whitespace for us to play from
converting larger players into new customers to new players like ghost kitchens, to new flavors and
innovations we can bring.

The final area, I would like to highlight in terms of how we are delivering is how our people are delivering
with purpose. It's an area where, again, we are at the beginning of our journey.

As you can see on Slide 13, and as you will find in the ESG report we recently released, we have made
great progress in a short amount of time. And we have set our direction with strong goals for the future
in each pillar, healthy living and community support, environmental stewardship and responsible sourcing.
And knowing that the diversity in inclusion and belonging of our people are foundation of our company
by 2025, we are targeting to have gender parity within management positions globally and demographic
parity in the countries where we operate.

So back to my initial observation in terms of how we are delivering. Our results show our transformation
is helping us effectively manage through the challenges of the current environment. Our brand-building
investments and efficiency plans can sustain our momentum. And we continue to drive the key strategic
initiatives that we believe will transform our business.

With that, let me pass it to Paulo to talk more about our financial performance and our outlook.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Miguel. Last quarter, I started the review of our financials, stating that our performance to
date reinforced our confidence that our gains relative to pre-pandemic levels were, in fact, durable and
despite recent inflationary pressures, our profitability would remain at industry-leading levels.

The common theme across our businesses in the third quarter was resilience in both our top line and gross
margins versus 2019 levels.

From a total company perspective, our Q3 organic net sales and constant currency adjusted EBITDA
exceeded our prior outlook. Our organic net sales growth is strengthened sequentially from Q2 to Q3
versus both 2020 and 2019. We achieved pricing gains on top of a strong prior year, led by the U.S. and
international, with Canada holding strong prior year pricing levels. At constant currency adjusted EBITDA,
as expected, the timing of cost versus price realization softened our margin percentage to lower than run
rate levels.

But we think this our gross margin was in line with 2019 levels despite cost inflation escalating ahead
of pricing realization. This speaks to the progress we have made in the area of revenue management
and variable cost efficiencies. It means that we are keeping to our path of improving our gross margin
performance.

Below adjusted EBITDA, as you can see on Slide 16, our adjusted EPS and free cash flow performance
continues to be strong. Q3 adjusted EPS remained relatively stable versus a very strong Q3 2020 in spite

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

of dilution from the impact of the net divestiture. It also reflects a lower effective tax rate versus the prior
year driven by favorable discrete items in the quarter.

Finally, our year-to-date free cash flow generation remains strong versus 2019 levels as we continue
controlling working capital. And on a 2-year basis, combining 2020 and 2021, we continue to expect that
our free cash flow conversion will exceed 100%.

As for our path ahead, as reported, at the end of Q3, our net leverage stood at 3.3x and adjusted for the
impact of the net divestiture, we would be sly higher.

We also continue to expect the natural cheese divestiture to close before the end of this year. When it
closes, we will remain focused on retiring our debt opportunistically depending on market conditions,
managing our leverage consistent with an investment-grade profile and accelerating our growth agenda
with a significant financial and strategic flexibility this brings, which brings me to our earnings outlook.

As I said earlier, the resilience shown in our third quarter performance has served to reinforce our outlook.
For the full year 2021, we now expect organic net sales to be flat relative to what we previously described
as exceptional 2020 levels and adjusted EBITDA of more than $6.2 billion versus our previous expectation
of at least $6.1 billion.

This adjusted EBITDA reflects the impact of our sale of the nuts business in June, but does not include any
impact from the natural cheese divestiture.

I would also note here that for the full year, we expect interest expense, excluding the impact of debt
extinguishment costs to be between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion, roughly $125 million lower than 2020
levels as we continue to pay down debt and reduce leverage. And we now expect an adjusted effective tax
rate of approximately 19% versus between 19% and 21% previously.

2022, we remain a very fluid environment. That said, we continue to believe that from a top line
perspective, we will sustain stronger consumption versus pre-pandemic levels. As our growth strategy
continues to take hold and as we retain consumers and trips that we gained during the pandemic in both
developed and emerging markets.

And on the bottom line, we expect to maintainindustry-leading adjusted EBITDA margins. By the
end of 2021, we will have priced for the current inflation, including the carryover into 2022. We keep
implementing and building up our efficiency savings plan, and we continue to execute the investments we
have in our strategic plan.

Let me now hand it back to Miguel for some closing comments.

Miguel Patricio
CEO & Director

Thank you, Paulo. As we wrap up today's prepared remarks, I wanted to simply restate as a company,
we have made tremendous progress in a short period of time and we continue to deliver ahead of our
expectations. We are now leaning into our scale and agility to advance our transformation in a way
that addresses near-term challenges and helps us build long-term advantage. We remain in a very fluid
environment, and we still have much work to do to get where we want to be. And as I said earlier, how we
are delivering makes us optimistic about the future.
Thank you for the time and interest in Kraft Heinz.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ3 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

