The Allstate Corporation NYSE:ALL
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, November 05, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.76

2.94

67.05

3.50

11.93

11.78

Revenue  (mm)

9436.00

9336.00

(1.06 %)

9418.00

37319.00

40906.33

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Nov-05-2020 10:52 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

3.21

3.31

1.62

1.76

3.13

3.54

2.46

2.94

SURPRISE

(2.49 %)

6.95 %

51.85 %

67.05 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Dogan Civgin
President of Service Businesses
& CEO of Protection Products and
Services- AIC & Vice Chairman

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-
Liability of AIC

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Mark Nogal
Head of Investor Relations

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Unknown Executive

ANALYSTS

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Jon Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to The Allstate Third Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded. I
would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Mr. Mark Nogal, Please go ahead, sir.

Mark Nogal
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Allstate's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. After prepared remarks, we'll have a question-and-answer session. Yesterday, following
the close of the market, we issued our news release and investor supplement, filed our 10-Q and posted
today's presentation on our website at allstateinvestors.com. Our management team is here to provide
perspective on these results and further context on our Transformative Growth Plan to accelerate growth
in the personal Property-Liability business. As noted on the first slide of the presentation, our discussion
will contain non-GAAP measures for which there are reconciliations in the news release and the investor
supplement and forward-looking statements about Allstate's operations. Allstate's results may differ
materially from these statements, so please refer to our 10-K for 2019 and other public documents for
information on potential risks. And now I'll turn it over to Tom.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Good morning, everybody. As usual, we appreciate you joining us and investing your time to learn more
about Allstate. This was just an exceptional quarter. I mean we're adapting, we're executing, we're
investing for the future. We adapted to the pandemic, the wildfires, the hurricanes, record low interest
rates. And despite all of that, our execution enabled us to make $1.1 billion. At the same time, our
Transformative Growth is coming to light. The stock is a great value on any measure. So we executed
a $750 million ASR. Our team has performed exceptionally well this year, serving customers, creating
economic value, in building a stronger foundation for growth.

So let's start on Slide 2, which has Allstate's strategy, which is shown by the 2 ovals on the left. We're
going to increase market share in personal Property-Liability with our Transformative Growth Plan, which
has 3 components. You'll remember that, expand customer access; improve customer value, which
includes improving our price position and launching new products; and then investing in marketing and
technology. You'll hear more about that from Glenn, and then we'll -- and then Mario will go through the
numbers, and then we'll get to your questions.

We're also expanding our protection businesses to increase -- which is increasing the total addressable
market we serve. We have an edge in this expansion by leveraging the Allstate brand, our customer base
and our operating capabilities which you can see in between those 2 ovals. For a company that empowers
customers that is -- we provide affordable, simple connected products. There's been plenty to protect
them from this year. And as I mentioned, we get all kinds of severe weather and catastrophes, and we
moved with speed and efficiency, and you can see that from our third quarter results, and those are shown
on the right. Our profitability was excellent. Adjusted net income was $2.94 a share and return on equity
17.7%. Underwriting results also remained really strong. We had favorable auto insurance results, which
offset the elevated home insurance losses from increased catastrophes.

Our implementation of Transformative Growth Plan is accelerating with the initiation of a cost reduction
plan and the new Allstate advertising campaign. Investment income was off slightly due to lower interest
rates, but the performance-based income returned to prior year levels. We did have an annual review
of our actuarial assumptions for Allstate Life, Benefits and Annuity businesses, which assumes that the
continued low interest rate environment carries forward and reduces future investment income over the
next 20-plus years, and that resulted in several charges for the reduced net income, and Mario will go
through a specific slide to show you how that works.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Allstate Protection Plans has continued to grow policies, revenue and income, while expanding its totally
addressable market -- or total addressable market. So despite a tumultuous operating environment,
we delivered great customer experiences, growth, excellent returns and progress on the Transformative
Growth Plan.

If you go to Slide 3, let's do the numbers. Total revenues of $11.5 billion increased 3.9% from the prior
year quarter, and that reflects both higher net realized capital gains and growth in Property-Liability
premiums earned. Net income of $1.1 billion increased by 26.7% from the prior year quarter. As you can
see that in the table as higher revenues more than offset, Allstate Life and Annuity income in connection
-- which was down because in connection with those actuarial assumptions.

Adjusted net income of $923 million was $2.94 per share; it was $23 million lower than the prior year
quarter, as higher auto insurance underwriting income was more than offset by the elevated catastrophe
losses and restructuring charges related to Transformative Growth and the lower Allstate Life and
Annuities income.

Our returns remained excellent. And as I said, the return on equity is well above the range that we've
discussed.

So let me turn it over to Glenn, who will talk about third quarter results for personal Property-Liability.

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Thanks, Tom. So let's go to Slide 4, and we'll discuss the, as Tom said, very strong performance of our
Property-Liability business. Before going deeper into the results, it's worth mentioning that consistent
with how we operate under Transformative Growth, Esurance and Allstate financial results were combined
beginning in the third quarter. Property-Liability results were strong with excellent recorded and underlying
profitability. Growth was modest and lower than prior year quarter for auto insurance, but in the range
that we expected as we build the foundation of Transformative Growth. And let me go into some detail on
that before continuing on this slide.

First, the 3 components of Transformative Growth are all making progress. The path is a bit steeper,
though at the beginning for several reasons. One, in our direct business, we lowered advertising for
Esurance brand since it's being sunset and has a negative impact on new business there. At the same
time, we've improved new business sales flows for online sales and improved our sales practices in our call
centers for the Allstate brand being sold direct, which is significantly increasing volumes there, but not yet
enough to offset the Esurance drop.

Volume in our Allstate agent channel is on plan, except for the first 2 months of the pandemic, and we
believe the shift in compensation towards new business that we start this year is working. We stopped
hiring new agents under the existing commission contract early this year since we're building a new lower-
cost agent model. We also increased base-level production requirements coming into this year for agents
as we're investing in agents who want to grow their business. This resulted in a planned and expected
decline in licensed producers as we build the foundation on a high-quality set of producers. We were in the
right place with the right product at the right time when it comes to Milewise, which is our pay-per-mile
product, that's really appealing to customers right now because they're driving less during the pandemic.
And we're the only major carrier offering a product like that.

In the independent agent channel, Encompass had a small negative impact on growth, reflecting
Homeowners increases. National General acquisition, which is pending, will expand or access into the
independent agent channel, and we're really excited about the growth prospects there after closing. The
cost reductions we're implementing will enable us to further improve our competitive position in auto
insurance and drive growth while earning attractive returns. And on the Homeowners side, premium grew
2.6% from the prior year quarter. This was due to policy growth of 1.2% and average premium increases.
We're really well positioned for further growth in the Homeowners business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

In total, we believe that the foundation we're building to be a major player in both the direct space and
independent agent space that will add to our great exclusive agent channel that we already have, will lead
to Transformative Growth.

All right. So now I'll go back to our slide and go to bullet 2 here. Underwriting income was $753 million,
increasing $16 million compared to the prior year. While the recorded combined ratio was equal to last
year's third quarter, there were many meaningful changes underneath that, which are shown in the lower
left chart. Starting on the left, the underlying loss ratio improved 7.8 points, primarily due to lower auto
insurance losses from fewer accidents due to lower miles driven. Underlying loss ratio improvement was
offset by elevated catastrophe losses in homeowners, unfavorable reserve development in discontinued
lines, restructuring charges and Allstate's efforts to help customers during the pandemic which are all
shown in red.

Catastrophe losses of $990 million in the third quarter were driven by a very active hurricane season
and ongoing wildfires in the West Coast. This was partially offset by favorable prior year catastrophe
development recognized in the quarter with $450 million and $45 million, respectively, coming from PG&E
and Southern California Edison's subrogation settlements. Non-catastrophe prior year reserve reestimates
were adverse $70 million in the quarter. This includes $132 million adverse from the annual review of
asbestos, environmental and other reserves in the Discontinued Line and Coverage segment, which was
partially offset by favorable reestimates in the Allstate protection personal lines.

The chart on the right breaks down the expense ratio components. Excluding the impact of restructuring
charge and bad debt in the third quarter, the expense ratio was 22.6, a 1.1 point improvement compared
to prior year quarter. It also represents a 2.5 point improvement if you go back to 2018.

Moving to Slide 5. Let's discuss our progress on Transformative Growth. As Tom covered, Transformative
Growth is a multiyear effort to accelerate growth through 3 components: expanding customer access,
improving customer value and investing in marketing and technology. Customer access was expanded by
combining the direct sales capabilities under the Allstate brand, which enables us to leverage Esurance's
capabilities with a stronger brand of Allstate. We're also enhancing local agent sales models to improve
effectiveness and efficiency and customer value is being improved by implementing a cost reduction
program. This enables us to offer more affordable prices, while maintaining strong margins. We also
continue to improve the competitive price position of auto insurance with pricing sophistication.

The third component is investing in marketing technology. In the third quarter, we launched our new
advertising campaign to reposition the brand, supported by increased spend. Technology investments
continue to improve customer-facing interactions, including the launch of the Allstate OneApp which
simplifies all of our digital interactions and access, including telematics offerings.

Moving to Slide 6. Let's go deeper into a few of the actions taken in the third quarter to advance
Transformative Growth. We're executing a cost reduction plan and streamlining operations and processes
across claims, sales, service and support functions to lower costs. Lower costs enable us to have more
affordable price without sacrificing attractive returns. The plan impacts approximately 3,800 employees
this year which will result in a charge of $290 million with $198 million of that recognized in the third
quarter and the balance in future quarters. The bulk of the charges for employee benefits and severance,
including expanded transition support, extended medical coverage and employment search assistance. The
remainder is driven by real estate exit costs.

At the same time, we launched a new advertising campaign in September, built on the belief that we all
deserve to live life well protected, as shown on the right side of the slide. The campaign repositions our
brand and updates the messaging to generate business across a broader audience by showing the breadth
of product portfolio we have, including identity and phone protection. The campaign also emphasizes a
connected experience with telematics capabilities as customers' behaviors and needs are changing.

I'll now turn it over to Mario to cover the rest of our results.

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Thanks, Glenn. Let's go to Slide 7, which highlights investment performance for the quarter. The chart
on the left shows net investment income totaled $832 million in the quarter, which was $48 million below
prior year due to a decline in market-based income. Market-based income, shown in blue, was $68 million
below the prior year quarter. With lower interest rates, our reinvestment rates remain below the average
interest-bearing portfolio yield, which reduces income. Performance-based income totaled $210 million
in the third quarter, as shown in gray; partially reversing valuation declines recorded in the first half of
the year. GAAP total returns are shown in the table on the right. Year-to-date returns were 4.4% and the
latest 12 months was 5.7%, reflecting higher fixed income and public equity valuations. Performance-
based investment return was 2.4% for the quarter, but remained negative year-to-date.

Our performance-based strategy has a longer-term investment horizon with higher, but more volatile
return expectations compared to the market-based portfolio. The compound annual rate of return on the
performance-based portfolio is 7.2% over the past 5 years, as is shown on the bottom right of the table,
exceeding the market-based return by 220 basis points.

Let's move to Slide 8 and review results for Allstate Life, Benefits and Annuities. Allstate's annual review
of assumptions and the expectation of lower long-term interest rates unfavorably impacted the Allstate
Life, Benefits and Annuities segments in the third quarter. Allstate Life, shown on the left, recorded an
adjusted net loss of $14 million in the third quarter. The loss was due to accelerated amortization of
deferred acquisition costs, primarily from lower projected future interest rates related to the annual
review of assumptions. Higher contract benefits also reduced adjusted net income including $22 million in
coronavirus death claims. Allstate Benefits adjusted net income of $33 million in the third quarter was $2
million higher than the prior year quarter driven by a decrease in contract benefits primarily due to lower
claim experience. This decrease was driven by limited activities and the deferral of nonessential medical
procedures as a result of the pandemic.

The benefit from lower reported claim experience was partially offset by the acceleration of deferred
acquisition cost amortization related to the annual review of assumptions. Allstate Annuities had adjusted
net income of $37 million in the third quarter as contract benefits decreased primarily from favorable
mortality experience compared to the prior year quarter. In the third quarter, Allstate Annuities also
recorded a premium deficiency reserve of $225 million pretax, given the expectation that interest rates
will remain low over the long duration of these liabilities and annuitants are living longer than originally
anticipated. While this reduced net income for the quarter, it did not impact adjusted net income.

And let's turn to Slide 9 to discuss the Allstate Annuities and the premium deficiency reserve in a little
more detail. As you can see on the chart, we've been reducing our Annuity business consistently over the
last 15 years to manage risk-adjusted returns. As a result of this dynamic, we began to systematically exit
these businesses. In 2006, we reinsured the variable Annuity business. In 2010, we exited the broker-
dealer channel. In 2013, we stopped issuing structured settlements. And in 2014, we stopped issuing all
remaining annuity products and sold Lincoln Benefit Life. As a result, liabilities declined from $75 billion in
2005 to $17.5 billion as of the end of the third quarter.

Today, liabilities are made up of that $17.5 billion of reserves and contract holder funds related to deferred
and immediate annuities. Our asset liability management strategy has positioned the portfolio to cash
match near-term liabilities, while investing in public equities and performance-based assets for longer-
duration liabilities to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. 2/3 of the payments on these annuities are
expected to be made after 2030. As part of our third quarter review of actuarial assumptions, we lowered
our long-term return assumptions given the expectation that interest rates will remain low for an extended
period. This reduces expected future investment income. Mortality assumptions were also updated to
reflect the expectation that annuitants will live longer. These 2 changes led to a forecast where current
reserves and expected returns on those reserves over the life of these annuities is less than the expected
payouts, which led to the charge of $225 million pretax.

So now let's go to Slide 10 and discuss the results of our Service businesses. The Service businesses
continue to generate strong growth as policies in force increased 38.6% to $133 million in the third
quarter, driven by Allstate Protection Plans growth. Revenue, excluding the impact of realized gains and
losses, grew 16.9% to $484 million in the third quarter. Adjusted net income of $40 million reflects an

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

increase of $32 million compared to the third quarter of 2019. The improvement continues to be driven by
the growth of Allstate Protection Plans and improved profitability at Allstate Roadside Services.

Now let's turn to Slide 11 to review the results of Allstate Protection Plans in a bit more detail. So as
you remember, the acquisition in early 2017 for $1.4 billion further expanded our circle of protection for
customers and continues to exceed growth and profit expectations. As you can see in the chart on the
left, Allstate Protection Plans has had exceptional growth since acquisition in early 2017. Policies in force
increased more than fourfold from less than 30 million policies in 2017 to 126 million in the third quarter
of 2020. This represents a compound annual growth rate of 51%. In addition, net written premium of
$831 million for the first 9 months of 2020 increased 50% compared to the prior year period.

On the right, you can see that Allstate Protection Plans began generating positive adjusted net income in
early 2018, which is earlier than expected. The upward trajectory has continued this year generating $105
million of adjusted net income through the first 9 months of 2020. Even more important to shareholder
value is the trajectory going forward from here. The team has successfully expanded the total addressable
market into appliances, furniture, cellular carriers and international markets with revenues in each of
these areas. A combination of attractive unit economics, scalable technology platform and the power of
the Allstate brand will lead to continued profitable growth in this business. Quite simply, this is not your
typical protection platform.
Finally on Slide 12, we want to highlight Allstate's attractive returns and strong capital position. Allstate
generated strong returns on capital with an adjusted net income return on equity of 7.7% as of the end
of the third quarter. We returned $967 million to common shareholders in the third quarter through a
combination of $798 million in share repurchases and $169 million in common stock dividends. Over
the last year, we have reduced common shares outstanding by 6.4%, primarily as a result of our share
repurchase program, as you can see from the table. Book value per share of $82.39 increased 18%
compared to the third quarter of last year, reflecting income generation and increased fixed income
valuations, partially offset by cash returned to shareholders. Allstate's stock valuation metrics, however,
have not kept pace with this combined strength and strong operating performance. With that context, we'll
open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

First question is with regards to the top line growth. So I understand a lot of moving parts here, and
you're still in kind of early to maybe the end of the beginning of the Transformative Growth Plan. At what
point do you think we actually do start seeing the initiative and the various components there resulting in
top line growth?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Yaron, this is Tom. So the -- you can't -- we can't really give you a quarter and say here's when the
churn is, so you should buy the stock right before then, so that [Technical Difficulty] is really reflected in
[indiscernible] because a number of things happening, right? So we're trying to make sure we take care of
our existing customers well, and that requires, as we change out some of the agents and the stuff Glenn
talked about, we have to make sure we're doing that well with integrated service and moving people to
other agencies.

Second, there's obviously a competitive market in which we're in. So part of it depends what happens
with our competitors and what they do, how much more they put into advertising, how much they raise
homeowners' prices. I think that what I would say is the focus seems to be narrowed down to just auto
insurance. And really Transformative Growth is about auto insurance, it's about home insurance, where we
didn't have growth -- good growth, not as much as we think we can have, but certainly higher than auto
and then the circle of protection. So I can't really call it by quarter. But I would say as you should expect,
as you see the components come into place, we should expect to see a trajectory up from here, but we're
not giving specific guidance on here where we're going to be at X percent of market share gains.

Yaron Joseph Kinar
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then my second question, somewhat related, the launch of the Allstate OneApp. Are there any
metrics you can share with us around how, like, how many applications have been downloaded, take-up
rate, the ease of use, how long it takes to get a quote on the app?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Well, we have -- obviously, we have a whole bunch of the metrics, and we don't give most of them out
because we think we're starting to get an advantage versus our competitors on it, and we really don't
want them capping what we're doing. That's in both stuff -- and to your point, both on things like also in
telematics. So we're really positive about what we got going on there. And -- but I would tell you that the
insurance industry, in general, is not to the level that the banks are, which says we have a lot of potential
to increase our connectivity and lower our costs at the same time. Glenn, anything you would add to that?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

No, I think that covers it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

So I'm going to stick with the Transformative Growth Plan. And I think in your second bullet point, you
talked about improving customer value. So there's 2 pieces of that, as we sit outside looking in. One is the
expense ratio initiatives that you've highlighted. The other one would be just price to your customers. So
can you give us an idea of where the expense ratio will go to? Or what sort of objective you have in the
context of your competition? And then on price, we have observed a number of your competitors starting
to cut prices in the marketplace and -- in auto insurance, and I'm curious about your posture with respect
to that.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Greg, let me start with the overview of [Technical Difficulty] components of Transformative Growth.
And then Glenn, if you could jump into where we are on pricing these. So Transformative Growth has
3 components, right? Second one is improve customer value. The idea has really 2 components to it.
But one is improve the competitive price position with affordable products. And second is to launch new
products, so things like Milewise. So the second piece is really about more differentiation [Technical
Difficulty]. The cost piece is really the way -- the door you go through to get to the price piece. So they're
not separate. So -- and the reason we haven't put cost targets out there -- we obviously we have cost
targets and we also have price competitive targets. The reason we haven't put those out there is they're
tightly linked. And we don't want to signal to our competitors where we think we're going on price. So it's
not that we don't have targets, we do. And we think we can reduce our costs, which enables us to give
customers better value called more affordable price without sacrificing attractive margins. So that's the
path we're on. Reduce expenses, get those expenses down, turn that into a more affordable price which
increases your close rate which then drives growth. So the first -- the two -- it's really one component that
you're talking about.

The second piece will take some time because you have to rebuild the whole technology stack. There's just
a bunch of work that has to be done to launch new products. That will take a couple of years to really get
done, which is why we keep -- this is a multiyear initiative. Glenn, do you want to give Greg an update on
pricing and your thoughts there?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes. You covered, Tom, well, the -- going forward, how we bring the cost down and keep margins while
being a better value for customers. But I don't want to leave anybody the impression that we're not
moving now because sometimes you can look at a -- like an investor supplement and say, well, there was
0 rate taken and think that, that means there's 0 rate action. We have made hundreds of filings over the
last quarter all across the country. And I know you always hear me say it, Greg, but we manage this at
the market level. So we've got a really talented group of state managers. I always talk about that. They've
got their hands on the lever. They're looking at how competitive are we, each competitor in this market.
What's our close rate doing, what type of shifts are we seeing in customers and quoting. And they're
moving those levers all the time and working with regulators to do that.

So the hundreds of filings that we've made already since the pandemic and through this time, have
materially changed our competitive position in spite of that 0.0 you see on total rate filing. We've done
things like improved our competitive position on telematic products, increased new business discounts,
changed pricing around for the type of people that are shopping.

And so the average person that's out there shopping for insurance is getting a lower price right now
for us than they were 6 months ago or 9 months ago, meaningfully lower. And so this is how we stay
competitive. And it goes a little back to Yaron's comment or question on growth. And I look at it as while
we're building this foundation, like, I mean we're setting up the capability for us to be a major player in
direct. We're setting up the capability for us to be a major player in independent agent when with the
acquisition that's pending. And while we're building that foundation, I'd call it, we're holding our own, like

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

we actually grew policies year-over-year, policies in force, minimally in auto, more so in home. But we're
doing a good job of keeping the fight going and keeping our growth engine going in spite of building that
foundation.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Your answers make sense. I guess the second question and just kind of pivot to the other source
of income would be investment income. And just looking over to Slide 7, and considering Mario's
comments, there's obviously 2 pieces, and it's been volatile this year. But it feels like because of the
current interest rate environment, that there's going to be downward pressure on your market-based
returns, and therefore, investment earnings you generate off that for the next year or 2. And then also on
the performance base, the volatility is interesting for us to try and model. So can you frame it for us as we
think about what the future performance might be of the performance-based portfolio?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Greg, let me go up, and then John, you can talk about the risk-adjusted return and the volatility of the
performance base. So as -- when we do our investment allocations all the way at the top, we look at risk-
adjusted return based on economic capital per asset class. And so earlier this year, when we sold $4 billion
of our $6 billion of public equities, it wasn't because we saw the pandemic coming, or we thought there
was going to be a dip down and then a bump back up. It was -- and we're going to avoid that volatility.
It was just we didn't think the risk-adjusted return was right. When we look at our market-based results,
and you're right, interest rates are coming down. They're at low rates, really low rates. You're probably not
going to have as much depos on those bonds as you had historically. And we looked at the risk-adjusted
return.

The performance base, we decided it was a better risk-adjusted return on the performance base. Now
obviously, it comes with more volatility, and particularly from quarter-to-quarter, as you point out. So what
we did is we matched those performance base with long-dated liability -- long-dated annuity or capital,
which we expect to have for a long time. And so when you do that, you can handle that interim volatility --
and that's why you get the higher risk-adjusted returns because you're taking on that volatility.

And once you get past 7 years, you're better off owning equities and bonds, as you all know well from
just looking at pension funds. And you get past 10 years, and it's like you get double the return and you
actually have less risk on equity. So that's how we got to performance-based equities, and we're willing
to accept that volatility either because we have liabilities or capital, which we know we'll have and we'll
recoup the incremental economic return over time. Before I turn over to John, let me just -- one other
thing as you look forward, what we do, of course, is when we're managing our Auto business, in particular,
we look at what underwriting margins do we need, given what we think we're going to get in investment
income. So to the extent investment income goes down, we can -- given our power in underwriting, we're
able to still make a good return for our shareholders even with slightly lower interest rates, unlike some of
the life companies who have no other way to adjust their future premiums. So John, do you want to spend
a few minutes talking about performance base?

Unknown Executive

Yes. Sure, Tom. And Greg, thanks for the question. I'll pick up where Tom left off. And when you think
about performance based, it can be volatile for periods of time. And as Tom mentioned, we really match
it off versus longer liabilities that we have. If you take a longer-term view, and this is information that's
in the supplement, the -- over a 10-year period, the internal rate of return, which is a common way
of measuring these assets, is about 11.5%. And whether you look at it over 10 years or over 5 years
relative to the public equity benchmarks that we think about owning these assets against, they're superior
in terms of return. So we're willing to take some of that volatility relative to more observable public
markets because we think we've got a team that has skill and expertise that can extract value out of the
marketplace that isn't easy for other people to do. I tend to think of it as we've got a lot of flashlights

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

that we can shine in different corners of the market that maybe everyone else doesn't have to extract
additional value.

Now you're right to point out, it has been a little bit bumpier during the course of this year, and that does
require some explanation. Yes. I think we'd all agree this year has been a pretty unique year. And when
you think about what releases income in performance-based assets, part of that is the deal flow itself. You
need to get -- we invest in a particular entity, whether it's a fund or an individual investment. It improves
in value over time and then we tend to sell those investments and it generates income. During the period
of time when deal flow was down because people just couldn't travel due to due diligence and that sort of
thing, it's normal to understand that, that income was reduced.

There was also -- and we disclosed this earlier in the year, we did have some loss. We had about $130
million in national losses, and that plays in as well. What we've seen this quarter is a beginning of
returning to more normalized deal activity. So we're not going to predict the future here. But there's
reason -- if you look back relative to what we've experienced historically, we're starting to see a pattern
that starts to fit in a little bit. So long-dated liabilities matches off well versus that. We like the long-run
returns, even though they're more volatile, but we think they're superior to what we can do in public
markets.

When it comes to rates, you've seen us, Greg, you've seen us be proactive in the way that we think
about investing in our market-based portfolio. And as Tom said, that's part of a larger enterprise system
where we think about risk and return across the enterprise, whether it's underwriting risk, mortality
risk or investment risk and return. And we made changes over time to address the different market
environments.

So a good example of that is coming out of the global financial crisis, we reduced interest rate risk as risk
became lower, and we took more credit risk, we thought that it was -- that had a good risk return profile.
As rates started to increase in recent years, we lengthened our duration to take advantage of that, and
that served us quite well as interest rates have fallen here. And we've -- subsequently in the beginning of
the year, we saw less value on a risk-adjusted basis for public equities and reduced that.

One thing that may not be completely obvious is during the course of the year, this year, we've taken
further actions; not only are we helping buffer income by increasing duration, but we've also moved some
of that equity exposure and some of our pure government exposure into almost $10 billion of investment-
grade credit, some high-quality high yield and associated securities to help minimize the impact that
lower rates will have. I mean, you're right. If rates stay this low for a long period of time, there will be
a reduction of income. It's just kind of pure math would play out that way. When I look at the Slide 7 of
the presentation and you see those blue lines, it just doesn't happen that rapidly. Part of our investments
are matched off versus longer liabilities. So they're cash matched. And then part of it has to happen as
the portfolio tends to roll off over periods of time. So it will happen if rates remain low for a long period
of time. It won't happen overnight. And we're hopeful like most people are that interest rates will recover
some ground as we pull out of the COVID-induced lower interest rate paradigm that we're currently in.

Operator

Next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

First question, Looking through the deck, I see one of statements saying improved online and call center
sales flow in Allstate direct. Can you give us a flavor for how much of your sales today, I think you mostly
think of Allstate as an agency-based seller of insurance, but how much is coming from direct? And related,
I believe in the past, you've said that as part of the transformation program, you might be offering a
discount to existing customers to potentially use more of the direct platform versus the agents. Is that still
part of the game plan?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Mike, let me first start with the overview and [indiscernible] couple of things Glenn said, and Glenn, if you
want to talk about sort of sales flows, and what you got going on sales. So we've put together the -- so if
you looked at our old stuff, last quarter, you would see Esurance broken out, and that was 100% direct,
either online or through call centers.

We did also sell some business under the Allstate brand in the same manner, mostly through call centers,
but a little bit online. And with the new format we have, we've put those 2 together. And so we're not
planning on breaking out how much comes out direct and how much comes through agents. You're correct
in that if you buy direct today, you get what you pay for, so you don't pay for an agent. So you don't --
your price is 7% lower if you buy direct from the company. But that's for only for new customers. We're
not going back to existing customers and saying, "Hey, how would you like a 7% price reduction?" because
they are happy with their existing relationships. They bought from those agents. They have -- we cross-
sell them through those agents. So there's no really need to go disrupt that. We're about giving it to
people any way they want. If you want an agent, you can call us and get an agent and we'll -- you call a
call center, we'll get you and agent, and you can have a local agent. If you want to do self-serve and you
want to do it online, we'll do that as well.

So the strategy is to really leverage the Allstate brand and take that Esurance money, which was Esurance
advertising money, which was hundreds of millions of dollars a year and throw that at the Allstate brand,
so that we could compete more aggressively with GEICO and Progressive in the direct space.

Glenn, do you want to talk about, like, sales flows and how you're making that work? So...

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes. So the team that we've had that ran Esurance and has been put together as Allstate, as Tom said,
with the Allstate Group, and you would think that it would be relatively easy to flip a switch and say, "Hey,
we're a direct company now, and we're going to play big in this space." But we literally have decades of
connective tissue and process built around everything is an off-ramp for an agency system.

And so what we want to be and aspire to be in the near term, is a company that really goes to market
in both ways. It's open access for a customer, a customer that wants to click or call, that -- we do that
really effectively, and we can compete with biggest direct carriers out there in that space and think about
that as a full channel. And then it takes nothing away from the exclusive agent channel we have, which
is outstanding. They do an incredible job for customers. They've done a great job through the pandemic.
You can see it in our retention numbers and continue to grow that channel. But the work they've done is
really the pick and shovel work of removing some of those pieces of connective tissue between channels
and really going to market as a direct business. Esurance was set up that way because it was a separate
run operation. This now is, it's common product, it's common back-end service that we have, but it's a
separate sales channel.

Michael David Zaremski
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That's very helpful. Last question, circling back to the annuity business, and we do appreciate all the color.
I think we all get asked a lot whether Allstate would entertain a transaction. So I know you've answered
that in the past, but maybe I'll try to ask it a different way. So you pointed out very well that you've
moved a lot of the investments into kind of longer duration, hopefully, higher-yielding assets, which is one
of the things that some of the private equity-backed firms do as part of their, right, their special sauce.
So would you say the lower interest rate environment combined with how you guys have positioned the
portfolio kind of makes the bid-ask spread of entering a transaction wider than it was a year or so ago.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

First, Mike, if you look at that the one slide, we've taken annuities down from $75 billion to $17 billion
over a period of time, and we've done that with a couple of objectives in mind: one, you want to make
sure you take care of customers; two, you want to get a good deal for shareholders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And so we've been kind of whittling away at it, and these are the last 2 chunks we have left. And we're
open to different ways to do that. And we look at all different ways to do it all the time. So everything
from reinsurance to sales, everything else. And so I don't think lower interest -- lower interest rates
obviously are something you need to factor in. It's less important when you have the investment portfolio
that you just mentioned in terms of what it does to the -- it helps fill the gap from low interest rates
because you're earning higher returns. I think the other side to this is, these are becoming more scarce
properties because you've seen the asset managers go out, and they like having what I would call captive
assets.

So there's a whole host of, you're all familiar with that lot and want to buy annuity blocks, so that they
can have those assets to manage and then they separately finance the purchase of the company, part with
their money, part with other people's money, is a way to build a better revenue stream for themselves.
We're open to that thing as long as it meets our 2 objectives: one, you got to take care of our customers.
So some of these customers are going to get paid for 30-plus years. We don't want to turn them to
somebody that's going to take it all and go to Las Vegas and put it on red, and then our customers are left
holding the bag.

Secondly, the -- we want to make sure it's a good deal for our shareholders. So we're always looking
at opportunities to further reduce the exposure. I mean you look at that trend line, whatever slide that
is, and it's -- there's no reason to expect that we would try to change that trend line. It will go down by
itself. So, like, they do roll off, people do stop collecting payments, either because their term is up or they
pass away. So -- but you should expect it to keep going down. If we can find the right way to do that for
shareholders and customers, then we would do it.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. So with the sunsetting of the insurance brand, we're down to 3 brands now. I guess, in my mind, part
of the Transformative Growth Plan is a rally behind the Allstate brand. So I was hoping strategically you
could talk about the importance of Encompass Financial as we think about the Transformative Growth Plan
over time.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

So it's Tom. I think it's really one brand, and we have some names. But right now, we have one what
I would call consumer brands. There's obviously some brands amongst agents. And so you see us
leveraging the brand, not just on direct, but Allstate Protection products, I don't believe we would have
gotten Walmart and driven the kind of growth we have without the Allstate name on there and the Allstate
backing. Same is true with Home Depot, which we'll be rolling out starting in January. So it's really one
brand. There are -- you do point out 2 other ways, you go to market.

So Glenn, could you talk about plans for the independent agent channel Encompass with National General,
and then just touch on what you're doing with Answer Financial as well?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes. So in the IA space, it really is National General. I won't get into the brand because I don't know if
any decisions were made in terms of exactly the brand. But as Tom said, it's more of a branding with
agents than it is with customers in that channel. But with National General and Encompass, it's really
about bringing those together in sort of a reverse integration because National General has a platform,
a technology platform that IAs love. They have 42,000 existing relationships with agency locations to go
along with the 10,000 that we have with Allstate and Encompass.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

And between the 2 companies, we have a product set that goes from nonstandard all the way up through
high net worth and everything in between. And what I always point out on this is, I think maybe the most
important part is, our homeowners capability. The IA space, they really need that -- the full stack and
all the capabilities, and we clearly have a premier homeowners capability at Allstate. So you put all of
that together, and we will have the most capabilities of any carrier. We'll be the #5 in size as soon as the
closing goes through in the IA space. But we will be #1 in terms of overall top-to-bottom capabilities. That
won't be the day that we go live. It won't be that because we won't have been able to integrate products
and everything and push it across. But in short order, we'll be able to bring those together and really go to
that market and be a very major player in the independent agent space. And then I'm forgetting if there
was a second part to that?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Answer Financial.

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

I'm sorry, Answer Financial. Thanks. Yes. So on Answer Financial, that is -- it's a very different type of
model. That is -- that really is taking care of customers who we can't take care of in other ways. They
sort of fall between the cracks of -- the always narrowing cracks actually at this point because we cover
just about all different types of customers at this point. But the narrowing cracks there, and it's a way to
monetize the exhaust from our expense on marketing and make sure that anybody that comes to us, we
can get to at some point. And so Answer Financial from a branding standpoint is separate, and they sell
multiple carriers.

Philip Michael Stefano
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Got it. And going back to the National General acquisition, we noticed in the Q that there was a note that
you're currently contemplating the mix of cash and debt for that purchase. I was hoping you might be able
to put a finer point on what your thoughts are there, and just intertwine that into a broader thoughts on
capital management and share repurchases.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Mario, if you could take that?

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Phil, thanks for the question. Yes. Well, we -- when we announced the National General acquisition,
the financing strategy all along was part cash from our deployable capital -- part excess capital within the
National General structure and part debt. So that continues to be the strategy in terms of how we'll fund
National General. So that part hasn't changed. So we fully expect it to execute across all 3 dimensions and
the close process is progressing on that acquisition.

In terms of broader capital management, we -- and I think Tom mentioned this early on, we continue to
think the stock is undervalued and we have ample capital and liquidity available to continue to buyback
stock. We have $2.8 billion of holding company assets. We got over -- almost $7 billion of readily available
liquidity. Our debt-to-cap ratios are below 20%. So we feel really good about the financial strength of the
organization. And that's one of the reasons -- that, combined with our view on the relative valuation of the
stock is what led us to do the $750 million ASR in the fourth quarter.

We got 7 million shares as part of that. We still have a ways to go on the current share repurchase
authorization. So we still have just under $1.6 billion left, and we'll continue to execute on that. And
another point that's worth mentioning is, as we've said from the beginning, the National General
acquisition doesn't impact the buyback program. We fully expect to complete that by the end of the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Bank of America.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

On your press release where you were announcing the restructuring plan, you made the comment that
the cost reductions and job reductions were necessary in order to maintain underwriting ratios. I'm not
really asking for guidance, but obviously COVID throws a little bit of a curve ball things. When we think
about 2019, I guess, is there actually a possibility in your long-term outlook that you think the type of
underwriting margins you're achieving on a COVID normalized basis can be maintained into the years
going out, given pricing actions and given what your goals are?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

That's a [Technical Difficulty] Josh, because I'm not sure where COVID normalized out. But I think the
shortest way to answer that is we earned really attractive returns on auto insurance. We have for, I
don't know, 14, 15 years, maybe longer running. And we have a system and objective and goals that
we've achieved to continue that. When I say COVID normalized, what we don't really know is certainly,
of course, when the pandemic ends, which is beyond your normalization, but I'm not sure what it will do
to consumer behavior, particularly driving. I think commuting is going to be viewed as over rated. And so
given that about 1/3 of the time people are in their cars, they're driving to and from work, so if even a
small portion of people, so if 25% of the people commute less, that's a pretty big drop. And we will react
to that when we can. I think what it does is it gives us more room to maintain the kind of returns we have
while getting more competitive. And so -- but you should assume we'll continue to be focused on earning
attractive returns. That comment in the press release was really about saying we didn't have to reduce
costs because we're not making money. There are a lot of people out there who today are, airlines and
other people who are having to let people go because they're just in trouble. We're not in trouble. We're
making really good money. And so we don't need to for that reason.

We also, as we're talking about getting more competitive in auto insurance, in particular, we don't want
everybody moving to the conclusion, which you could, if you took your question further, would be that
we're going to do that by giving it away. We like to say anybody can give it away. It's talented teams
that both grow and make money. And so we were just trying to point out that the point that I think Greg
mentioned earlier, which is that the cost and the price thing are tightly linked. And I know a lot of you
would like to have some expense ratio target that you could put into your models. But trust us, we have
a measure. It's a good measure. It's aggressive, but it's tied to what we're trying to do on price. So we're
not willing to talk about that publicly.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

And just a quick one on SquareTrade and growth. Obviously, people have been stuck at their homes.
They've been buying a lot of stuff on Amazon and whatnot. Do you think that 2020 was a record year for
consumer electronics purchasing? And that 2021 will face some headwinds in beating 2020 as a year for
new policy at SquareTrade or Allstate Protection Plans?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Let me have Don answer that and then just do a commercial before that, which is we are stronger being
together with SquareTrade than we were independently, both in terms of what it does for our server
protection and what we do for them in getting Walmart, Home Depot, leveraging the Allstate brand. But I
would say, you put this up against any of the recent IPOs out there, this thing is worth a whole lot more
than we paid for. Don, do you want to talk about whatever?

Dogan Civgin

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

President of Service Businesses & CEO of Protection Products and Services- AIC & Vice Chairman

Sure. So Josh, first, the trends have been strong for a long time. So it's not like this year, all of a sudden,
SquareTrade have got off; they've been doing well since the acquisition. It's been a combination of things
that's driven that. It's the growth in the existing customers, which they've been able to help drive with
their customers. It's been additional customers that they've added, B2B customers, additional retailers.
And then this thing that Mario talked about, which is just expanding their total addressable market.

So 3 years ago, they were largely consumer electronics through U.S. retail. But since then, it's more
than consumer electronics, it's now appliances, it's now furniture, it's now an international business; it's
growing dramatically. It's cell carriers and so forth. So it's been kind of expansion across the board, which
has been consistent for the last 3 years. This year's results, you're right, were impacted by COVID. They
were going to be strong regardless. So this was going to be a really great year. We got the benefit of
COVID, but it wasn't just people buying online. It was the customers that we have are the places people
are shopping, and the categories that lend themselves to warranties are the ones that customers have
been purchasing. So whether it's setting up own office, you're setting up consumer electronics, as you
said. So this year has been good, and it's been positively impacted, but I think it would be a big mistake
to assume it wouldn't have been good anyway. And then when you get into 2021, those underlying trends
that I talked about that have been going for 3 years will continue. And so we still expect them to continue
to grow and do well. I suspect at some point, the lack of buying power and the economy will probably
dampen retail sales across the board more. Hard to predict how that's going to happen, when that's
going to happen. But I think that's the -- that's on the margin. The underlying trends will continue in very
strong.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

To add to that is when you look forward in 2021 in Allstate Protection Plans, the mix of policies is going to
change them. So you'll see the policy growth come off, but you'll see the revenues continue to accelerate,
that's particularly as we get into bigger dollar amounts per policy. So one thing to get a warranty policy
on an iPad; it's another thing for a washer or a dryer or furniture. So you should still see, and we expect
increased revenue growth, but you may see a slight takeoff -- drop, maintaining 51% company growth
and policies, it gets hard as you move into bigger dollar policies. I want to take one more question and
then we'll wrap up.

Operator

Our final question then for the day comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Piper.

Jon Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I guess I was hoping you could just revisit a little bit. You've already made some comments about driving
behavior that's pandemic-related and what you're seeing that's changing. Nothing terribly specific, but
you've had some peers that are talking about these changes in driving, for example, to work and not --
versus regular driving. And as well, I was curious if you've seen differences that were material on a state
basis. Again, nothing specific to state, but if there's really insights into kind of what's happening from a
dynamic -- from an actual behavior perspective, I think that would be very interesting.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

Glenn, why don't you answer that? I would say, Paul, the other part is with Arity, we're tracking 26 million
cars. We have 10x the amount of miles driven that a company that recently went public. And so we get
lots of good math on this. So Glenn can share with you what he's seeing just in terms of mileage driven
and what its impact is on frequency.

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Yes. And thanks for the question, Paul. It is interesting getting into the data in the space. And as Tom said,
with the billions of miles of data we've got and the partnership with Arity, we're able to really get into the
detail. The short answer to your question is, yes, there are absolutely differences state by state. There are
broad trends that are true everywhere when you see some of the things about commuting and total miles
driven. But you'll see based on sort of where states are in the pandemic, where they have either formal
stay-at-home orders or shutdowns or anything versus when they have more informal, they just have a lot
of cases coming in. And just attitude is different, differ by state in terms of how to deal with either staying
home or not and so on.

So we do see differences by state, but there is enough of a prevailing sort of tailwind on it that there's
more similarity than difference. A couple of things just to go deeper on the comments Tom made before.
We see about 40% of our losses happen in rush hour. And so as we're working through and we predict,
and again this gets to different states because obviously in metro areas, it's more of a truism about rush
hour than non-metro areas.

But we get a double effect in terms of the frequency of those accidents in rush hour in one, fewer people,
so fewer of our drivers that we ensure are actually traveling during rush hour. And so if you're not
traveling, you're not having an accident. And two, the ones who still are, because it's not 0, are on less
congested roads. So they have fewer accidents. And you see that in the types of accidents that remain.
So it is not a pure mix of if there were a million accidents before and you take out 10% of them, it is not
a random 10%. It is a very specific 10%. And so what the mix of what's left is very different. And all of
these are things that we're looking at in a granular level down to the state detail, so that, as I mentioned
before, those -- the pricing actions we take, the go-to-market actions we take are highly specific.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
Chairman, President & CEO

So thank you all for participating. We had an excellent quarter. Mark is obviously available for any follow-
up questions, things we didn't get to. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the
program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  NOV 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

