The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. 

NYSE:EL
FQ3 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, May 03, 2021 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2021-

-FQ4 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.32

1.62

22.73

0.61

6.03

7.02

Revenue  (mm)

3942.90

3864.00

(2.00 %)

3651.82

16054.96

17909.57

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-03-2021 2:14 PM GMT

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

FQ3 2021

CONSENSUS

(0.17)

0.90

1.69

1.32

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.53)

1.44

2.61

1.62

SURPRISE

NM

60.00 %

54.44 %

22.73 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Laraine A. Mancini
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

ANALYSTS

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Estée Lauder Company's Fiscal 2021 Third Quarter Conference
Call. Today's call is being recorded and webcast. For opening remarks and introductions, I would like to
turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, Ms. Rainey Mancini. Please go ahead.

Laraine A. Mancini
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Hello. On today's call are Fabrizio Freda, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Travis,
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.

Since many of our remarks today contain forward-looking statements, let me refer you to our press
release and our reports filed on the SEC, where you will find factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from these forward-looking statements.

To facilitate the discussion of our underlying business, the commentary on our financial results and
expectations is before restructuring and other charges and adjustments disclosed in our press release.
Unless otherwise stated, all net sales growth numbers are in constant currency and all organic results
exclude the impact of acquisitions. You can find reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures in
our press release and on the Investors section of our website.

As a reminder, references to online sales include sales we make directly to our consumers through our
brand.com sites and through third-party platforms. It also includes estimated sales of our products
through our retailers' websites.

[Operator Instructions] And now I'll turn the call over to Fabrizio.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Rainey, and hello, everyone. It's a pleasure to speak with you today, and I hope that you and
your families are in good health. Our hearts are with those impacted by COVID-19, particularly in places
like India and Brazil that are experiencing severe resurgences. We remain committed to doing what we
can to support our employees and these communities.

Our third quarter of the fiscal year 2021 marks the continuation of strong sequential sales growth
improvements, despite the ongoing challenges from the pandemic. We exceeded our sales and earnings
growth expectation even as several markets experienced increasing COVID-19 pressure throughout
the quarter. Our multiple engines of growth strategy drove our success, empowered by the exceptional
creativity and passion of our employees.

We achieved these outstanding results while acting on our values. First and foremost, we continue to
invest in employees and consumer safety and well-being during the health crisis. We expanded our work
for the environment, from setting innovative new sustainability goals in travel retail, to seeing a wide farm
-- wind farm in Oklahoma become fully operational, which is our largest renewable energy contract to
date, and a project we were proud to support. We made progress on our racial equity commitments and
also outlined a new set of commitments for women advance and gender equality, inclusive of achieving
gender pay equity and globally increased representation of women from underrepresented groups.

In March, we launched our new equity and engagement center of excellence to drive greater equity
representation within our business and across the value chain. We also launched a partnership with
Howard University to support the success of its alumni through our experiential learning, career coaching,
professional training and mentorship opportunities.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

While there was joy in this progress, there was also sorrow. We stood with our employees, consumers
and partners in denouncing the rise in act of violence, hate and discrimination against the Asia and Pacific
Islander community, and committed to donate to organization that support justice and equal treatment
from Asian community in the United States. We keep our employees and communities top of mind through
these challenging times.

With that as our guiding principle, let me turn back to financial results. Constant currency sales rose
13%, representing a sequential acceleration of organic sales growth improvement. We delivered a strong
performance despite increased COVID-19 hardship in Western Europe, Latin America and parts of North
America during the quarter. Estée Lauder, La Mer, Jo Malone London, Clinique and Tom Ford Beauty led the
impressive performance of many brands.

Skin care and fragrance once again delivered superior sales growth, although they had the toughest
comparison to the year-ago period. In fact, our skin care category was nearly 30% larger on a reported
basis this quarter than it was 2 years ago, owing to innovation in our powerful hero franchises, strength
across multiple subcategories and the addition of Dr. Jart+, but before the future inclusion of DECIEM.

And our fragrance category was 16% bigger than it was in fiscal year 2019 on a reported basis, driven by
our strategic focus on the luxury and artisanal segments. Both of these categories now have even greater
scale to capture prestige beauty share as the recovery unfolds.

In the third quarter of fiscal year 2021, we focused our investment decisions on engines of growth and
employed cost discipline in other areas, resulting in a near doubling of adjusted diluted earnings per share
versus the prior year period. While the complexities of the pandemic are ever present, adjusted operating
margin nonetheless exceeded that of the third quarter of fiscal year '19, and adjusted diluted earnings per
share was 5% higher.

Throughout the pandemic, we have been steadfast in our commitment to the long term as we successfully
navigate the short term. We continue to strategically invest to drive sustainable growth, including building
an end-to-end innovation center in Shanghai and state-of-art manufacturing facility near Tokyo. These are
expected to open in calendar year 2022.

More recently, several of our brands decided to participate in the new partnership of Sephora with Kohl's
and Ulta Beauty with Target beginning in the second half of this calendar year. This new consumer
coverage represents the promising evolution of the retail landscape, both in-store and online in the United
States, for prestige beauty.

We also agreed to increase our ownership in DECIEM, becoming majority investors with a path to full
ownership in 3 years. DECIEM, with its fast-growing brand, The Ordinary, and new brand incubation
capability aligns well with our multiple engines of growth strategy. The Ordinary further diversifies our skin
care growth engine by consumer segment, price point and geography with a superior online business. The
brand has redefined entry prestige with an increased ingredient-focused regimen-based product portfolio
that drives basket size. The Ordinary has quickly established itself as a top 5 skin care brands in the U.S.
prestige beauty, having improved its rank significantly over the last year.

Sustainability is integral to DECIEM equity, products and retail practices, which will enhance our
sustainability brand portfolio and fuel the achievement of our ESG strategy and goals. We look forward to
continue the exciting journey with Nicola Kilner and her incredibly talented team to realize DECIEM global
opportunity.

In the third quarter the Estée Lauder brand delivered stellar results, led by strong double-digit growth
in skin care, sequentially improving trends in makeup, and the return to growth in fragrance. The brand
is driving a renewal in the skin-ification on makeup trend, with a significant growth of its future-rich
franchise, and its new Beautiful Magnolia fragrance is off to a very promising start. The Estée Lauder skin
care franchises performed exceptionally well, led by Advanced Night Repair and its recently reformulated
namesake, Serum. Revitalizing Supreme also was a standout as the launch of Supreme+ Bright proved
highly sold. Supreme+ Bright is an amazing story of east to west success, with a product born in the

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

brightening trend in Asia and realizing global appeals for its uneven skin tone benefits. Re-Nutriv, new
eyes serum, surged and created a halo effect for the franchise space in eye creams.

La Mer performance was once again outstanding. The brand's worldwide success is multi-facetted from
both loyal and new consumers and with increasing demand from men, who now represent more than
15% of sales in Mainland China. La Mer's iconic product, rich storytelling and ideal merchandising align to
deliver the successful journey to renewal campaign for Chinese New Year.

As well, the brand executed a superb global campaign focused on moisturizers. The new Genaissance de
La Mer The Concentrated Night Balm continue to spark consumer desires, elevating the brand Ulta luxury
franchise.

Clinique sales growth accelerated sequentially and rose in every region, driven by its skin care portfolio
from consumers' excellent response to the new Moisture Surge 100 Hour in the United States, to Even
Better Clinical Interrupter hewing substantial growth in Mainland China, 2 in-demand hero franchises like
Dramatically Different Moisturizing, Clinique prospered.

Our luxury and artisanal fragrances realized significant growth in the Americas and Asia Pacific. Like
skin care, fragrance offer a means to express self-care, and that's shown through the emotional comfort
of scent. We are seeing strong repeat from the emerging category in Asia Pacific while we continue to
welcome new consumers in the region.

These trends in fragrances, driven by our strategic shift to the higher end, is favorable to margin
enhancement in the category. Jo Malone London, Tom Ford Beauty, KILIAN PARIS, Le Labo and Frédéric
Malle each grew double digits. Innovation and hero products worked in harmony to fulfill consumer
desires, with newness from Jo Malone London and Tom Ford Beauty incredibly well received. KILIAN
PARIS' virtual selling, which engaged founder Kilian Hennessy, influencers and education ambassadors
through live chat and shoppable live streams contributed to superb online growth.

Each region grew this quarter led by Asia Pacific, which saw sales rise in every category, and many
countries contribute. Mainland China was exceptional, delivering sequentially accelerating double-
digit sales growth, with skin care and fragrance performing ahead of the previous quarter and makeup
returning to growth, up double digits. Both brick and mortar and online thrived driven by the strong
equity of our brands, desirable innovation, high-quality product leading to repeat purchase, competitive
investment in advertising and investment in local talent and capabilities.

For the Chinese New Year, we met the consumer where she or he chose to shop, serving the local
consumer as well, the traveling consumer in Hainan, both in-store and retail to tremendous success.

Online continued to be a powerful growth engine as global sales increased strong double digits in every
region. Sales of brand.com, third-party platforms and retail.com rose strong double digits, while sales
of pure-play grew triple-digit as we are building our consumer coverage with select pure-play retailers.
Our online channel is now nearly double the size it was 2 years ago. Importantly, the media value of
brand.com continued to rise as live chat, virtual try on and live streaming led to increased traffic and time
spent on our sites.

EMEA online sales increased near triple digits, while Latin America's growth was also very high. We
adaptively met consumer demand in these regions, which were more pressured than others from
temporary brick-and-mortar closures. In Asia Pacific and North America, where in-store traffic is gradually
improving and comparisons to the [ previous ] year are increasingly more difficult, online sales still grew
double digits.

We are innovating in the high-touch online consumer experience and harnessing our data to increase
engagement and drive sales. Let me share 2 examples from EMEA. In the United Kingdom, Clinique
launched an integrated platform to deliver seamless end-to-end high-touch virtual experiences with a
personalized data-led version of its Skin School on demand. Clinique is providing consultants with data to
unlock more sophisticated recommendation with a multitude of tools to ensure the consumer experience
is customized based on preferences. Consultants can now enable co-browsing and the adding of friends to
services. This new platform, while still in its early days, is delivering above-average conversion rates.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

La Mer enhanced its virtual experiences with more expert classes and 1:1 consultations tailored to
local consumers. The brand expanded live chat to every market in the region with standard hours and
additional days, leading to incredible growth in conversion. All told, La Mer saw its regional online mix of
business surge.

Our brands are investing for growth with social media platform. Too Faced introduced a new virtual try-
on lens on Snapchat to add to its growing portfolio of virtual try-on experiences. On TikTok, it launched
a mini-movie showcasing the transformative experience of Better Than Sex Mascara via its first world
premiere on the platform. Dr. Jart+ Cicapair's color correcting treatment started strong online sales in the
United States for the brand, amplified by social selling, TikTok and influencer support.

Looking ahead, we are preparing a renaissance in makeup, and we anticipate the momentum we gradually
build around the world driven by local reopening and social and professional occasions. Our data and
insights are driving new creativity to inspire consumer as they increase their occasion-based makeup. We
are strategically well positioned to grow our sales and capture prestige beauty share makeup recovery
with our hero products, robust innovation pipeline, analytics engine driving aspirational intelligence, and
enticing in-store and online activation centered on the omnichannel consumer.

Already in the third quarter, newness from Clinique Even Better franchise in foundation and concealer was
highly sold as we saw consumer restocking their core makeup products. Too Faced new lip plumper was a
major hit. Hero products like Tom Ford Beauty eyeshadows and mascara from Too Faced, the Bobbi Brown
also performed very well. Mac is launching a new mascara, and there is exciting innovation from many
brands to come.

In closing, we delivered outstanding performance despite the surging impact of the pandemic in many
countries. We led with our values as we continued to prioritize the safety and well-being of our employees
and consumers. We made progress on our environmental goals, enacted on our social commitments. We
invested in accelerating drivers for sustainable growth, including innovation in China, manufacturing in
Asia Pacific, global online and consumer analytics. For the long term, we are confident that our multiple
engines of growth strategy will continue to create value for our stockholders.

I want to say thank you to our employees, who are integral to our success and are making us a better
company through this difficult moment. We are beautifully positioned in prestige beauty to continue
driving recovery with a house of the most dedicated and talented employees.

I will now turn the call over to Tracey.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Thank you, Fabrizio. I certainly echo that statement and look forward to the continued progression of our
recovery.

For our fiscal third quarter, net sales rose 13% as we lapped the onset of the COVID pandemic and
delivered exceptional growth in the Asia Pacific region and in the skin care and fragrance categories. While
our brick-and-mortar distribution continued to experience soft foot traffic, our online channel delivered
strong growth across all formats and all regions. Conversely, the environments in Western Europe, Latin
America and parts of North America were challenged throughout the quarter.

Our gross margin increased 90 basis points compared to the prior year quarter. Favorability in category
and channel mix driven by skin care and online growth as well as lower tester costs, were partially offset
by obsolescence, negative currency and COVID-related under-recovery of fixed costs, primarily in our
facilities that manufacture makeup products.

Operating expenses improved by 530 basis points compared to the prior year quarter, largely reflecting
the improved sales leverage this year. You will recall that when the pandemic struck in the prior year
quarter, the sudden and dramatic drop in sales created expense deleverage that was difficult to fully offset
despite the cost actions we took at that time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

This quarter, we benefited from both temporary and longer-term cost savings, which is reflected in the
substantially lower selling and store operating costs as a percent of sales, continued to shift from brick-
and-mortar to online as sales continued to shift from brick-and-mortar to online. This was due in part to
temporary store closures in response to a resurgence of the virus in certain EMEA and Latin American
markets.

We realized some subsidies and the extension of furlough benefits in some of the affected markets. We've
also prudently managed staffing levels in our stores and new hires on our management teams until we see
the recovery gaining more consistent momentum.

Advertising spending grew double digits and was predominantly focused on digital spending. We invested
to support our online acceleration as well as our new product launches, a strong recovery in certain
markets and key shopping moments such as Lunar New Year, Women's Day and Valentine's Day.

As a result, our operating margin rose 620 basis points to 20.5%, which was 40 basis points above fiscal
'19 levels.

Our effective tax rate for the quarter came in at 20.7%. The lower tax rate for the quarter was primarily
due to a lower rate on the company's foreign operations.

Diluted EPS of $1.62 increased 92% compared to the prior year. EPS exceeded our expectations, primarily
due to the higher sales, continued cost management and a lower effective tax rate.

Our plans under the post COVID business acceleration program are progressing. Year-to-date, we have
taken actions in 3 main areas: to adjust our distribution footprint in Latin America and EMEA, including
travel retail; to exit global distribution of BECCA products; and to realign resources and capabilities,
including employee-related costs, between our brick-and-mortar and online channels. We are already
beginning to realize some modest benefits from these actions. As the program continues, we expect to
further rationalize our brick-and-mortar retail footprint, primarily in western markets.

For the 9 months, we generated $2.78 billion in net cash flows from operating activities, which was
substantially above the prior year, primarily due to higher net earnings as well as working capital
improvements. We invested $386 million in capital expenditures to support key investment areas like
production and distribution capacity and technology, including our online business. Conversely, we spent
far less on counters and stores.

We ended the period with approximately $6.4 billion in cash and cash equivalents, including cash from
$600 million in senior notes issued in March, to support the increased equity investment in DECIEM once
the deal is finalized.

We also reinstated our share buyback program in March and utilized $316 million of cash to repurchase
our stock. And we paid $561 million in dividends. After the end of the quarter, we used $450 million in
cash to pay down debt maturing in the fourth quarter. Given our strong cash generation this year, we still
remain in a very strong position to pursue further growth opportunities after these actions.

So now let's turn to our outlook. We continue to be encouraged by the sequential improvement we have
seen in our business throughout the fiscal year. And we are optimistic that restrictions and hesitancy on
travel and social activities will begin to ease in certain markets as vaccine coverage steadily increases.

In China, Australia and Israel, which are at the leading edge of recovery, we are seeing higher makeup
sales with usage occasions increasing as social and professional engagement gradually normalize. For
example, sales in our freestanding stores in Israel have returned to pre-pandemic levels, and even lipstick
sales are almost back to normal.

The upcoming addition of the DECIEM brands to our portfolio and the expansion of our business with
Sephora and Ulta Beauty in the U.S. represent additional growth drivers for us as we progress in recovery
from the pandemic shock, giving us further cause for optimism. We have led with our strengths, our
values and our amazing team and have proactively addressed areas where -- which we could control,
while at the same time ensuring we are protecting our strategic growth areas.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

As a result, in the context of a very challenging environment in fiscal 2021, we expect to end the year
with sales growth of between 9% and 10% in constant currency. Currency translation is expected to add
approximately 2 percentage points to reported growth, reflecting rates of $1.18 for the euro, $1.33 for the
pound and KRW 6.64 for the won.

6 months of incremental sales from the December 2019 acquisition of Dr. Jart+ and approximately 1
month expected from DECIEM are contributing approximately 2 percentage points to our expectations of
growth, for the year.

Mindful of the more gradual resumption of traffic to our brick-and-mortar distribution, we kept tight
control over costs this year to protect investments needed for long-term growth. Some of the costs we
cut temporarily will gradually return as more doors open. Subsidies will correspondingly diminish, and we
plan to meaningfully ramp up advertising spending in our fourth quarter as consumers return to social
and professional engagements. That said, we expect to end this fiscal year with an operating margin of
approximately 18.5%, an improvement of roughly 100 basis points above fiscal 2019.

Full year EPS is expected to be between $6.05 and $6.15 before restructuring and other charges. This
reflects approximately $0.10 accretion from currency translation and $0.04 dilution from acquisitions.

Our fourth quarter sales are expected to rise between 44% and 50% in constant currency. This reflects
both the recovery in many parts of the world as well as an easier comparison against the prior year period
most impacted by the pandemic. Currency is expected to be accretive by approximately 4 percentage
points. And the addition of approximately 1 month of sales from DECIEM would contribute less than 2
percentage points to sales growth.

Fourth quarter EPS is expected to be between $0.38 and $0.48, reflecting the sales outlook and increased
investments to support the ramp-up of our innovation and manufacturing capabilities in Asia, continued
investment to drive our online business, and the advertising and promotion to support recovery, with
the resulting operating margin more typical of our pre-pandemic levels of mid- to high single-digit in
the quarter. Currency is expected to add $0.02 to EPS. And the addition of DECIEM is immaterial for the
quarter given the short time frame and purchase accounting.

In closing, we are pleased with our performance in the third quarter in the context of a challenging
macro backdrop. Our skin care and fragrance brands have proven to be resilient during this time as
consumers shifted online. And we enhanced the digital experience with increased services on our sites. As
we navigate through the final months of our fiscal year, we are investing in both the near-term recovery
and the drivers of long-term sustainable growth that create value for our multiple stakeholders. While it
is difficult to predict the growth of global prestige beauty in the near term, we are confident, as we have
demonstrated, that we can nimbly allocate resources to continue to operate with agility and gain share as
the recovery gives way to the new normal.
That concludes our prepared remarks, and we'll be happy to take your questions at this time.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Laura (sic) [ Lauren ] Lieberman with
Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I was hoping you could talk a little bit about Asia Pacific. Because as strong as trends are, on a 2-year
basis, things were a little bit slower this quarter. And I know the fiscal second quarter, you have 11.11.
That's probably a much bigger shopping holiday than Chinese New Year. But from the aggregate level that
we see in Asia, things were probably a little bit slower than people expected.

So could you just give us a little bit more color there describing maybe trends in China -- Mainland China,
I should say, versus whether it was Hong Kong, Japan, other areas where things might have slowed down?
And also, any other thoughts on Hainan and the degree to which shopping there may be overlapping with
things that -- purchases that used to happen in other Asian markets, as Chinese were traveling more
overseas that are now maybe repatriating those purchases to Hainan?

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Yes. No, sure. Let me start, and then Tracey will add her perspective.

The -- first of all, no, we believe China is super strong. I mean we have accelerated the size -- our
reported number is 63% growth, which is almost double last quarter. So China Mainland is very, very
strong. Now this number includes Dr. Jart+ which is also a strong growing brand in Asia, and now it's part
of our portfolio. So all good.

Now your question on Hainan, Hainan was also strong and continues to grow. And as we said, we really
look and manage the Chinese consumer. So we sell to the Chinese consumers where they are. When they
travel to Hainan, we sell to them in their travel. And when they are in their cities, we sell to them in the
cities.

The opportunity of continued serving the growing middle class and the multiple smaller cities, which are
becoming very important for consumption, from which the demand is growing, continues. And we are
serving this multiple growth, mainly also the smaller cities, the Tier 3, Tier 4 and the different consumer
groups. We are serving this, both in Mainland and Hainan, when they travel in a very positive way. So
China is very strong and, in our opinion, will continue a very strong trend.

The other thing that we've seen, which is important to us in China, is the recovery of makeup. Because
China is ahead of other regions in the control of COVID and so in people going back with more confidence
to shopping also in brick and mortar. And we see the positive impact on that on makeup, which, as said
in my prepared remarks, grew double digit. And this obviously is encouraging for what the recovery will
represent also in the west as the brick-and-mortar sales go back into the new normal.

The other part of your question was about Asia in total. And yes, Hong Kong is obviously smaller than
what used to be and the recovery is slower. And so Hong Kong is getting better, but it has been resized, at
least for the time being, to what used to be, so still is a drag versus the historical levels.

And Japan was definitely hit by a new wave. And there was new closures and a lot of government activity
to limit shopping, in brick and mortar anyway, to limit the social life activity, which means, again, very big
impact on makeup.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

So the -- Korea on the contrary started recovery, had a better quarter. And Australia had definitely a
better quarter. By the way, Australia is another place where it's visible, the recovery of makeup because of
the reopening of the brick and mortar and more social life.

So Asia was a very mixed pack. In summary, very strong China; very strong Hainan; better Korea; a
better Australia, New Zealand; and still very hard hit some of the emerging markets, Japan and Hong
Kong.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

And you covered that, Fabrizio.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Okay.

Operator

Your next question is from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Fabrizio, I was hoping you could share a little bit more about the renaissance of makeup you spoke to in
China in particular. How is the consumer interacting with the category there? Are there new trends that
they're starting to embrace? And then are they sticking with virtual try-on and some of the new ways of
shopping, like social selling or live streaming? Or do you anticipate testers or samples coming back? Just
curious on some of the behavior behind that category there.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

And so the -- first of all, what we see is that the recovery of makeup is particularly -- benefits particularly
of the recovery of brick and mortar and omnichannel shopping. Because people does like to interact with
the products and like the experience of shopping together. And so this is really one driver.

And so in China, we see this getting stronger and -- as the recovery unleash. What we see in terms of
product that people -- and again, I speak about China where this is active, those -- Australia, and Israel is
another place where we see signs of what happens during the recovery. And the signs are consistent, by
the way.

And first of all, people go back to their core makeup. Also because they have not used it for some time, it
may not be fresh anymore, in some cases. So there is a lot of back to foundation, to lipstick, to mascaras
that needs to be purchased back. And depending which region of the world, there are different proportion
of these subcategories, as you know. But this is back to core.

But there is also a huge interest in newness. It's obviously that from an emotional standpoint, people don't
want to go back to the past. They want a new normal. They want to forget, actually, this very difficult year
when they are in a recovery mood and go back to a new future.

So they look for newness, for novelty. And that's why in our renaissance plan, we are both planning in
every region of the world with where, when this recovery will happen. We are ready to bring back our core
and allow the consumer to reload what is their core habits, the core products, and at the same time, an
outstanding mix of new product, innovation, breakthrough idea, fresh way to use makeup, new looks; and
most importantly, looks, which are consistent with the renaissance of the usage occasions.

Because to be -- [ look here ], makeup is not only about shopping, emotional shopping. It's about having
the occasions in your social life, your professional life to use makeup. And so we are studying how those

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

occasions come back and which kind of makeup core and newness is of interest for each occasions. And
the occasion are different by region.

And so with this level of analytics, we are preparing what we call the renaissance, which is a comeback but
is very specific. And our ability today to manage this with precisions and avoid excessive push or avoiding
wrong subcategories focus, in other words, ensuring a good return of our investments during the recovery.
Our ability to do that has dramatically increased, thanks to analytics which are not only giving us more
data to understand what's happening, but it's giving us more data to anticipate what is going to happen,
and that's what we are working on.

Operator

Your next question is from Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the recent new hire for the online president that you brought in from the outside. I
mean obviously, the online business for you has done incredibly well over the last 10-plus years. And so I
just wanted to get your thoughts on kind of what the priorities will be for new leadership, especially given
that they do have outside perspective of both CPG and retail.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. First of all, Gibu is now in -- seen some months and is an exceptional new lead -- new hire and
a leader well integrated by now in our organization. He will bring our online business to next level. As you
said, we have done well for many years, but he's here to bring it to a completely new level. And so the
priority is, first of all, to continue our growth and leverage this huge acceleration in every single channel in
brand.com, in third parties, in pure plays, in retail.com, and in making sure that we have the circulation of
the best practices around the world, that we learn from what's happening in every angle of the world, both
in our business and in what competition or retailers are doing, third-party are doing.

But I would say the center of all this is to add more technology in order to make the consumer experience
in each one of these touch points really, really high quality, even more competitive. So the focus is on
taking the consumer experience to the next level. You heard me speaking in the past about chats, virtual
try-on, live streaming, and many other experiences that are possible but need to become better and
better over time and surprise the consumer for positive.

And if we do that correctly, we will continue to drive traffic to our online. Because we'll attract traffic not
only because of our great brands, of our great innovation, but also because of our outstanding services
online and because of the experience online that will be frictionless. And also, we will need to make
sure that this happens in a very efficient way and in a way which is driven by technology and become
consistent across the world so that we can scale it very fast every single time this is going to be needed.

And finally, we -- also one of the priorities is to make digital advertising, and particularly all the advertiser
linked to e-commerce more efficient and more effective, and with this to continue to push conversion. That
will be one of the key challenges and the key opportunities of the next years in the world of online.

Operator

Your next question is from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just given the unique nature of the COVID crisis, can you just give us a bit of an update on your
expectations for the travel retail category going forward? How quickly do you think demand comes back?
How do you manage the business for the pace of recovery, but also potential volatility? I'd just love a bit
of an update there.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Again, Tracey, I'll let you add any thoughts. But anyway, travel retail business is up. And so is, I
would say, that the recovery will be a net extra versus what is already growth. So what's happened in
this period, as you all know, is that the domestic travel in general, and particularly within China, has been
more than offsetting the lack of international travel all over the world and particularly in the west.

And so in this moment, we expect the strengths that today are in travel retail, in domestic travel in China
with Hainan and with new centers like Shenzhen, the Greater Bay and other opportunities, which are
emerging over time, we expect this to continue and to remain very, very solid.

But then at a certain moment when international travel will be restated, then we expect international
travel to bring net extra opportunities, particularly in the west where there will be, obviously, many more
populations going back to travel. And when this will happen, we envision travel retail to be even stronger
than what used to be historically and definitely stronger than today, which is mainly driven by only the
domestic travel part.

So strong reality today, a strong future for travel retail. Now travel retail is about traffic, which is what I
was commenting on now, speaking about the future recovery in international travel. But it's also drove
by conversion, which is the percentage of travelers that buy something. So we have seen recently the
conversion going up driven by pre-tail, so the ability to buy online when you travel.

Now pre-tail is accelerating in Asia. It's a very -- it's already about 1/3 of the business in many parts
of Asia and is not yet very present or very significant in the west. So we see, in the future, pre-tail to
continue to grow and to be a significant part on travel retail. And with the growth of pre-tail, we see the
opportunity of increased growth or conversion. And in that sense, the traffic coming back plus conversion
of travelers into buyers continue to progress. Those 2 KPIs will represent a very solid future for travel
retail.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

And the only thing I would add, Dara, to what Fabrizio said, we are obviously watching traffic patterns and
travel patterns pretty closely, our travel retail team is. So international travel is really projected, at this
point in time, not to recover until perhaps even the second half of fiscal -- our fiscal '22. So again, we're
watching it closely obviously. If it recovers sooner, the travel retail business, internationally in terms of
consumption, would pick up correspondingly.

But in the meantime, the travel retail team has done a fantastic job of making sure that we are managing
the western travel retail markets prudently in terms of investments until we see the recovery of traffic and
consumption in the western markets.

And the only thing -- the other thing I would say is that travel retail and online combined now are a little
more than half of our total business. And so when you think about our growth momentum going forward
and the recovery, the strength that we see in online and the recovery of travel retail, it bodes very well for
our future growth.

Operator

Your next question is from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I want to come back to, I guess, the first question where growth was a bit slower than many has
expected. And one thing that surprised me was just the sequential drop. I know that 2Q is always bigger
than 3Q, but the drop down from 2Q to 3Q in terms of revenue was larger than is typical, pretty much
across every region but especially Asia Pacific.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

It begs 1 or 2 questions. One, was last quarter may be a bit inflated, with some retailers once again kind
of stepping into the market reloading inventory? Or are we seeing more of a setback? I mean I know you
talked about some markets tightening down. But generally, from where we sit and look globally, it looks
like the world is slowly reopening, obviously not all consistently. So help me contextualize or wrap my
head around why would see the sequential dip.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes, I mean I'll start, Jason. I think that what we're seeing more and more in the business, particularly in
Asia Pacific, is more seasonality of the business. So Q2, as you indicate, has become a very large quarter
for us. It always was a large quarter with holiday. But with the addition of 11.11 and the tremendous
growth of that holiday year-over-year, we're seeing a very large sales number in our second quarter.

In the third quarter, as Fabrizio mentioned, China had a very strong third quarter. We did have some large
markets in Asia that were a bit softer, Japan. And I think through this pandemic, we're going to see ups
and downs until things really more sustainably get back to normal when vaccine rates obviously accelerate
a bit. So I would not read anything long term into it other than this is still part of the pandemic in terms of
seeing up and down performance in various markets.

Similarly in terms of EMEA as well, obviously, outside of travel retail, but the western markets in EMEA
were also quite challenged in the quarter as well. So that we expect to see until, again, we see more
stabilization and normalization from the pandemic.

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And so frankly, I just want to underline what Tracey said. I would read in this more of a strong
quarter 2, particularly driven by an extraordinary 11.11 where some of our brands were top in the 11.11
project. And by the fact that holidays were a moment, also in the West, they were pretty positive. People,
where possible and where allowed went back to shopping. Some brick and mortar were open. And then
maybe because these holidays, in some places, were opened too early. Then there was a lot of closures
immediately after that. So Japan, U.K., Italy, part of North America, Canada, so we got an enormous
amount of closures in the January-March period and in the west particularly, in Japan obviously.

And so that's the combination. The combination is the pandemic impact on brick and mortar. Now keep
in mind that, as you have seen in the results, we have an extraordinary skin care and fragrance, and also
our data brand is doing really strong. The question is the makeup recovery. And the makeup is very linked
to the comeback of the brick-and-mortar experience. So all the closures that happen actually after the
holidays in many western markets and in Japan did have an impact on makeup, and we have seen that.

So I will not say there is any long-term sign in this quarter 3. Actually, it's an extraordinarily strong
quarter 3. By the way, was ahead of our guidance. Because we have seen that in our guidance. We have
seen these kind of things that would have happened because of the closures.

And so it was a very strong quarter. And quarter 2 was just an extraordinary quarter. But as Tracey said,
quarter 2 will be pretty strong because in the future, there will be always a combination of holidays and
strong peak of commercial activities like 11.11 and more that will create a high in terms of absolute level
of sales.

Operator

Your next question is from Rupesh Parikh with Oppenheimer.

Rupesh Dhinoj Parikh
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

So Fabrizio, I guess getting -- going back to your comments. So skin care and fragrance have now
exceeded FY '19 levels. So I was curious, as you look at makeup going forward, do you see any structural
impediments in your business to get back to where makeup was pre-pandemic from a sales perspective?

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

Fabrizio Freda
President, CEO & Director

No, no, definitely not. We are counting on it, again, as COVID abates and the opening. As I said before,
I want to repeat that makeup is about usage occasions. So -- and the usage occasion on makeup are
exactly the social and professional occasions that when there are closures, when the pandemic is very
active, are not there. And so consumption goes down. So we are really -- we don't see any reason why we
will not go back to, first, stabilization and then growth in makeup when these social occasions come back
and these professional occasions come back.

I just want to take the opportunity to make the pictures. So today, we have our current drivers, which
are the Chinese consumer, the global online and the skin care category and now the high end fragrance
category that will continue to drive. There is no discussion. These areas have been accelerated by COVID.
But in reality, their trends were strong already before. So COVID has accelerated, and we are very ready.
And as you see, we are having great success on these drivers even in the middle of COVID.

Now there are new drivers that should be added to these drivers as COVID will abate. Makeup usage, as I
said, brick-and-mortar productivity in most markets, certain markets and consumer groups like U.S., U.K.,
Japan, Continental Europe, emerging markets that today are unfortunately really badly hit by COVID will
come back and will gradually come back as the COVID improve. Younger consumer consumption, which is
especially linked to makeup, will come back. And the tier outside of Hainan as we said before, and the pre-
tail acceleration will come back. So there are all these new drivers that we need to accelerate in the next
18 months, assuming that would be the pace of return from COVID gradually.

Then there are new strengths that we have built during COVID, and we have invested there. There is
better innovation in Asia with the center in Shanghai and the quality of our innovation. That is creating
higher repeat purchase rate. There is more skin care, a more makeup skin-ification and we have more
production capacity, of high-quality production capacity in our upcoming factory in Tokyo; better consumer
understanding; and better ability to anticipate trends, driven by our investment in analytics; more
resources for advertising, especially to digital advertising, which is increasing; better high-touch services
online, as I explained before when there was the question on online; a brand portfolio, which is becoming
stronger and stronger with the acquisition of DECIEM and Dr. Jart+; a huge investment and acceleration
in every ESG activity during COVID. And all of this combined is what I call the new strengths that we are
bringing to the party.

So the way we see it is that the current drivers will drive. The new drivers, including makeup, will come
back. And the new strengths that we've built in Estée Lauder Companies during this year will hit. And
that's why we really believe that this quarter is just the confirmation that we are creating a very solid,
long-term sustainable growth factor for the company.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

And the only thing I would add to that is just to underscore some of the investment in technology
we've made for virtual try-on. So when you think about those social and professional occasions coming
back, whether someone wants to come in the store and try makeup or if they want to try it online, the
engagement that we see online from some of the capabilities and features that we've added to online
certainly bodes very well for when those occasions come back and the makeup category acceleration.

Operator

We have time for one more question. Your final question will come from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.

Christopher Michael Carey
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

So I wonder if you can just provide some comments on how you're thinking about that operating margin
for fiscal '21, which I think you said was 18.4%, but correct me if I got that wrong. I mean you noted
this quarter that they are temporary, but also longer-term cost savings is substantially lower, operating

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

costs in-store with the shift online, there's some subsidies in play. But you're also reallocating costs for
the longer term from brick-and-mortar to online. Channel mix is obviously going to be a dynamic going
forward.

And I guess underlying the question is that margins continue to come through at a much higher level,
channel mix is clearly an element. But there are some costs that have come out permanently, but also
costs that are going to be coming back into the base.

And so I guess getting back to it, I wonder how you view this fiscal '21 target. Do you think that you can
move up from there with all the initiatives that you have noted? Or would you expect some sort of a step
back as you weather some of these costs coming back in the base and channel mix evolving over the next
year?

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

Yes. So Chris, as you know, we typically give forward guidance for the upcoming fiscal year in August,
which we will certainly do. I mean this has been an unusual year because of all of the things that you've
mentioned. We had part of the year where we had temporary salary reductions. We've had furloughs. And
we've also done a fantastic job, our teams have, in terms of managing costs.

Some of those costs will come back next year, and some of them won't. Some of the door closures that
we've permanently done, those costs and the remaining fleet of doors should be more productive as traffic
continues to accelerate to brick and mortar, which is where we see bulk of the recovery.

So given the cost actions that we've taken, given where we expect growth to come from next year
disproportionately, we would expect continued margin progression, but we'll be able to say more
specifically what that will be in the August time frame. But as we've said for many years, our growth
areas are all margin accretive when you think about travel retail, when you think about online, when you
think about the strength that we've had over multiple years in terms of skin care. And as Fabrizio said,
we expect skin care and fragrance to continue to grow and makeup will also grow more strongly, certainly
next year as those occasions come back.

So we've got multiple engines, multiple ways to progress margin even as investments do come back
for brick-and-mortar and in other areas. We will, in the fourth quarter, as you indicate and I said in my
prepared remarks, so strongly invest as we normally do for a start of a strong fiscal year. And we will
invest more in advertising to support what we believe will be an acceleration selectively in the markets
that we think that it will happen in.

Operator

That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn it back over to management for
closing remarks.

Tracey Thomas Travis
Executive VP of Finance & CFO

No, just thank you, everybody, for obviously their interest in the company. And again, I think we want to
thank all of our teams for the fantastic performance navigating through what has been a difficult year. But
we are incredibly proud, as I mentioned and Fabrizio mentioned, of our results. And certainly look forward
to closing the year strong with the guidance that we provided. So thank you, everyone.

Operator

Thank you. If you were unable to join the entire call, a playback will be available at 1:00 p.m. Eastern
Time today through May 17. To hear a recording of this call, please dial 1 (855) 859-2056, pass code
#5569398.
That concludes today's Estée Lauder conference call. I would like to thank you all for your participation,
and wish you a good day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE ESTÉE LAUDER COMPANIES INC. FQ3 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 03, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

