The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 

NYSE:BK
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 16, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.94

0.98

Revenue  (mm)

3827.52

3847.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-09-2020 6:01 PM GMT

4.26

0.51

0.88

3.87

3.86

3776.46

15748.73

15403.39

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.00

0.91

0.92

0.94

1.01

1.05

1.01

0.98

1.00 %

15.38 %

9.78 %

4.26 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Magda Palczynska
Global Head of Investor Relations

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

ANALYSTS

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

James Francis Mitchell
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, and welcome to the 2020 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call
hosted by BNY Mellon. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference call and webcast will be
recorded and will consist of copyrighted material. You may not record or rebroadcast these materials
without BNY Mellon's consent.

I will now turn the call over to Magda Palczynska, BNY Mellon's Global Head of Investor Relations. Please
go ahead.

Magda Palczynska
Global Head of Investor Relations

Good morning. Welcome to BNY Mellon's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we will
reference our financial highlights presentation available on the Investor Relations page of our website at
bnymellon.com. Todd Gibbons, BNY Mellon's CEO, will lead the call. Then Emily Portney, our CFO, will take
you through our earnings presentation. Following Emily's prepared remarks, there will be a Q&A session.

Before we begin, please note that our remarks include forward-looking statements and non-GAAP
measures. Information about these statements and non-GAAP measures are available in the earnings
press release, financial supplements and financial highlights presentation, all available on the Investor
Relations page of our website. Forward-looking statements made on this call speak only as of today,
October 16, 2020, and will not be updated.

With that, I will hand over to Todd.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Thank you, Magda, and good morning, everyone. First of all, I want to welcome Emily to her first results
call as CFO. Most of you are just getting to know Emily. And as you spend more time with her, I think
you'll agree that having been in a number of business leadership roles as well as having had experience
in the finance function, Emily brings a perspective that positions her exceptionally well for this role. So
welcome, Emily, great to have you here.

Before handing it over to her to review of the financials in more detail, let me touch on some highlights in
terms of our performance and other developments. For the third quarter, we reported revenue of $3.85
billion, earnings per share of $0.98 and a solid return on tangible common equity of 17%. Our operating
margin was resilient at 30% despite the impact of low interest rates and the related money market
fee waivers. And with our share repurchases suspended now for 2 consecutive quarters, we accreted
significant capital, increasing our Common Equity Tier 1 ratio to 13%.

During the third quarter, volumes and volatilities continued to normalize. At the same time, interest
rates trended a bit lower. As we look into next year, I believe the underlying strength of our franchise will
become more apparent as we expect to have most of the run rate impact of lower rates and associated
money market fee waivers in our earnings. At that point, we can start to more clearly demonstrate the
progress we're making around our key priorities of driving organic growth, optimizing the balance sheet
and executing on our efficiency priorities. And notwithstanding the challenging current environment, our
business model continues to generate significant excess capital. We look forward to recommencing share
buybacks as soon as regulators and market conditions allow, which we expect to be meaningfully accretive
to EPS.

Now there are many opportunities across our business to differentiate ourselves with clients while
addressing a broader set of their needs. The crisis has increased the frequency and the intensity of my
conversations with clients, as we've helped them navigate related issues. They're adapting to a rapidly
changing environment. As they're assessing what they do across their operations, they want to know how

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

we can help them and optimize their data and how to be more efficient and effective in what they do on a
day-to-day basis.

In Asset Servicing, we are winning and retaining more deals, and our pipeline is stronger than it was at
this time last year. And I think that's a reflection of the quality of our service as well as the unique set
of capabilities that we can deliver for the front, middle and back office. This is, of course, in addition to
providing more custody and securities lending. Versus a year ago, we are seeing positive trends in win
and retention rates and in our pipeline. Deals are becoming more complex in cross product and solutions
based.

For example, we have recently been selected to provide a range of services by iA Financial Group, that's
one of Canada's largest insurance and wealth management groups, with CAD 175 billion in assets under
management. The mandate encompasses fund accounting and administration, custody, foreign exchange
and a full data and analytics suite of solutions incorporating the data vault and data studio, performance
measurement and reporting and middle office services. We're continuing to invest in building out our
cloud-based data and analytics offerings and have integrated this into our Asset Servicing core business.

Clients trust us with $30 trillion of data assets on our software, including trillions where Asset Servicing is
elsewhere. And over 20% of our pipeline deals now include data and analytics products. Just one example,
which I mentioned last quarter is our new ESG app that allow portfolio managers to create investment
portfolios, customized individual ESG preferences using multiple data sources with support from crowd-
sourced guidance around preferred ESG factors and priorities. We're seeing real momentum with this app.
We have a dozen clients in active trials, and we are in discussions with over 100 more. We're also thinking
about how we can integrate capabilities like this when developing holistic solutions for our clients.

In Pershing, the bulk of money market fee waivers is being absorbed by this business, masking its
underlying good performance as the core of long-term drivers remain intact. The pipeline is robust,
and the underlying performance of the business is strong. Firms are critically assessing their business
model and their cost structures. This is particularly true with self-clearing capital markets firms that are
increasingly looking to reduce cost and free up capital by outsourcing their trade settlement and clearing
and turning it to us as a result of that.

Year-to-date, new assets on an annualized basis are strong at over 4%. Our pipeline has further improved
with an increase of almost 50% and newly signed business from RIAs who increasingly value our B2B
platform, especially as the custodian industry consolidates. We have traditionally served larger RIA
practices and are now expanding our addressable market to grow this client base, and we're maintaining
our leading market share in the broker-dealer segment.

In clearance and collateral management, we serviced $3.4 trillion in tri-party assets globally. Our ongoing
digital enhancements should continue to drive revenue growth from our existing client base as well as
from new clients that are entering the platform as they accelerate their needs to automate operations,
access real-time data and focus on process optimization and digitization in this challenging operating
environment. Our offerings, which include collateral optimization and advanced analytics solutions, allow
clients to move from manual to automated straight through processes while optimizing their global
securities inventory, which has proven for them to reduce funding and operating costs and enhance their
available liquidity.

We also expect more clients to convert balances from the bilateral repo and securities lending markets
to our tri-party platform as the demand rate remains high for global asset mobility and operational
efficiencies that they get on tri-parties.

Investment and wealth management had solid revenue growth, positive long-term flows and good
performance this quarter. Across the 30 comp strategies by revenue, which accounts for about 60% of
IM's long-term annualized revenue, 74% of those have pure rankings that are in the top 2 quartile on a 3-
year basis.

Hanneke Smits has now officially started in a role as CEO of Investment Management, and we also
recently appointed Jon DeSimone as CEO of Alcentra, one of the world's largest managers of private

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

credit. I am excited to work with him to accelerate our growth by leveraging Alcentra's strengths in Europe
and increasing their market position in the U.S. There's an opportunity to grow this manager quite a bit
faster.

Across investment management, we're also investing in technology and in developing offerings in ETFs,
ESG and alternatives to align our investment capabilities to evolving client demands. And I think it's going
to nicely complement our leading positions in, for example, LDI, active fixed income, global thematic
equity as well as private credit.

In wealth management, client acquisition has started to pick up again with the resumption of socially
distanced in-person meetings. We're investing in talent, initiatives such as strengthening our family office
-- offering and technology and digital tools to support advisers and their clients. We often speak about the
importance of controlling expenses. This is especially critical in this low-rate environment. We continue to
identify opportunities to improve automation through operational enhancements.

Our approach in deciding between reinvesting, expense savings and allowing them to fall to the bottom
line is based on a rigorous analysis, including investments and prioritizing them, the ones with the most
attractive ROIs as well as taking a careful look at their payback periods. We're also assessing the long-
term structural opportunities from this current work environment. There's no question we're going to have
a meaningful impact on how we work in the future, and we'll need to be agile. We expect it will impact
our real estate footprint, our location strategy, the need for contingency sites, marketing and business
development and acceleration of our digitization efforts with our clients.

Now building a scalable and resilient operating model is a core part of our strategy. It will enable us to
optimize and streamline the interactions across our businesses, technology and operations, all in the
interest of serving clients and driving growth.

Now to drive and advance that agenda more rapidly, we recently made the decision to bring operations
and technology together under Bridget Engle's leadership by more directly connecting operations and
technology into a single operating model. We're taking a holistic approach to bring together the best
of both functions. And I think it's going to give us the ability to share enterprise capabilities, prioritize
investments, reengineer and digitize processes more quickly to drive scale and agility as well as to embed
innovation and automation across end-to-end client journeys and create more agile client-centric teams.

Now let me turn to capital returns. On September 17th, the Federal Reserve released scenarios for a
second round of bank stress test and that was followed by a September 30th announcement that share
buyback and dividend increase restrictions have been extended for the fourth quarter. We are now working
through the analysis and the modeling as we're given 45 days from the data receipt of the scenarios to
submit our plan. We continue to believe that our low-risk and highly capital-generative model positions
us very well through this test. We will commence buybacks as soon as possible with the decision to
be informed by the economic and regulatory environment at the time as well as the outcome of the
resubmitted capital plans based on the new scenarios. In the meantime, we continue to accrete significant
amounts of capital.

The stressed capital buffer, I'll just remind you, gives us flexibility in terms of capital return timing. And
so it is a matter of when and not a matter of if. As a reminder, we also opportunistically issued $1 billion
in preferred stock during the second quarter, and that will provide us with the opportunity to restack our
capital once we can recommence buybacks. We are committed to attractive levels of shareholder returns,
and we continue to aim to return at least 100% of earnings to shareholders over time.

Before I conclude my comments, I want to welcome Robin Vince, who has just joined us as Vice Chairman
of BNY Mellon and CEO of Global Market Infrastructure, with oversight of Clearance and Collateral
Management, Treasury Services, Markets and Pershing. Bringing these complementary businesses
together under his experienced leadership will better position us to become the central facilitator in our
clients' capital markets ecosystems across markets, asset classes and geographies. I'm excited to have
Robin with us. He is an accomplished and respected leader in the industry, who has held a number of
leadership positions at Goldman Sachs, including serving as their Chief Risk Officer, Treasurer, Head of
Operations; Head of Global Money Markets and CEO of the International Bank.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

I'm also very pleased with how the leadership team has come together. It's a highly talented, energized
and diverse group that is willing to truly challenge each other to make us all stronger.

To wrap up, while uncertainty certainly lies in terms of how the pandemic evolves and its impact on the
global economy, we have also significant uncertainty about the size and form of future stimulus programs
as well as political developments. But given that, I am certain that the team we have in place will continue
to navigate these challenges by executing on our strategic priorities. I am also proud that our employees
across the company have worked diligently throughout this unprecedented time to provide great client
service. We entered this crisis from a position of strength and have an unwavering focus on building ever-
greater value for our stakeholders going forward.

So with that, I'll turn it over to Emily.

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Todd, for the kind introduction, and good morning, everyone. Let me run through the details of
our results for the quarter. All comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis unless I specify otherwise.

Beginning on Page 2 of the financial highlights document. In the third quarter of 2020, we reported
revenue of $3.85 billion, down less than 1%, and EPS of $0.98. As expected, revenues were negatively
impacted by low interest rates and associated money market fee waivers. Excluding these market-driven
factors, underlying fees would have been up, reflecting good momentum across many of our businesses.
Expenses were up 4%. However, it is important to note that 3% of the increase was driven by the tax-
related reserve release in the third quarter of 2019. Pretax margin was 30%, and we posted ROTCE of
16.7% and ROE of 8.7%. Provision for credit losses was $9 million.

We continue to accrete substantial excess capital and are in a good position to resume buybacks when
regulators and market conditions allow. Quarter-over-quarter, both our CET1 and Tier 1 leverage ratios
improved meaningfully by 40 and 30 basis points, respectively.

Page 3 sets out a trend analysis of the main drivers of the quarterly results. Investment services revenue
was $2.9 billion, down 4%. Net interest revenue was down 11% while fees were down 2%, including
the impact of money market fee waivers. We saw a healthy underlying growth across Asset Servicing,
Pershing, Treasury Services and Corporate Trust, which I will discuss later. Investment and wealth
management revenue increased 3%, largely driven by higher market value, and we also continue to see
strong investment performance in our largest strategies with positive long-term flows this quarter.

The impact of money market fee waivers on our consolidated fee revenue, net of distribution and servicing
expense was $101 million in the quarter, slightly better than the $110 million to $125 million that we
previously guided to and an increase of $22 million quarter-on-quarter. We provided you detail of the
impact by business and the expense in the appendix of this highlight deck. Finally, despite the contraction
in high margin revenues this year from lower interest rates and more recently, the absence of share
buybacks, pretax income, margins and EPS are healthy, although down versus a year ago.

Slide 4 summarizes the P&L and notable items in the year ago period. There were 2 largely offsetting
items but relevant as we look at various components of the P&L.; one is the lease impairment negatively
impacting NIR in the third quarter of 2019; and the other is a net reduction of reserves that benefited IM
expense in the prior year quarter.

Turning to Slide 5. Our capital and liquidity ratios remain strong and well above internal targets and
regulatory minimums. Common equity Tier 1 capital totaled just over $21 billion at September 30, and
our CET1 ratio was 13% under the advanced approach and 13.5% under the standardized approach. As a
reminder, under the new stressed capital buffer rule that became effective October 1, we are required to
maintain a standardized CET1 ratio of 8.5%, including the 2.5% stressed capital buffer floor and a 1.5%
G-SIB surcharge.

Tier 1 leverage is currently our binding constraint due to the buffers we need to hold for potential growth
in our deposit base-driven balance sheet. We are comfortable operating at a ratio of around 5.5% to 6%

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

versus the 4% regulatory minimum. At 6.5%, our current Tier 1 leverage ratio is well above our target,
and we expect to accrete more capital in the fourth quarter. Finally, our average LCR in the third quarter
was 111%.

In terms of shareholder capital return, in the third quarter, we continued our suspension of share
repurchases and will do so again in the fourth quarter in line with Federal Reserve restrictions for CCAR
banks. We continued to pay our quarterly cash dividend, which totaled $279 million in the third quarter
and believe we have ample capacity to continue to pay dividends under a variety of economic scenarios.

Turning to Page 6. My comments on net interest revenue will highlight the sequential changes. Net interest
revenue of $703 million was down 10%. This was within the range we provided with the second quarter
results despite rates coming in a little lower than was implied by the forward curve at the time. We offset
some of this impact through implementation of balance sheet optimization strategies. A full quarter of
lower LIBOR as well as lower rates in general reduced the yield on securities portfolio, loans and other
interest-earning assets. For example, average 1- and 3-month LIBOR levels were down 20 and 36 bps,
respectively. The lower asset yield impact was partially offset by the related benefits of lower funding
costs.

The rate environment also drove MBS prepayment activity slightly higher than expected for the quarter.
As I said, we were able to offset some of the rate headwinds through the deployment of cash into a larger
securities portfolio as more of our deposit balances seasoned. Additionally, we benefited from a decline in
long-term debt outstanding.

Turning to Slide 7, which summarizes deposits and securities trends. Average deposit balance has
remained strong at $279 million, up 23% versus the third quarter of 2019. Deposit growth reflects
the success of our deposit initiatives linked to fee-generating transaction activities that we've had in
place for a year now across Treasury Services, Asset Servicing and Wealth Management. It is also partly
attributable to Central Bank balance sheet expansion, which results in excess liquidity in the system.

The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits declined very modestly to negative 5 basis points
during the quarter and reflected some pricing optimization in a few businesses. At this point, we generally
feel that we've now reached the low point for deposit pricing. Recall that the negative rate page reflects
our business mix. Approximately 25% of our deposits are non-U.S. dollar, and we charge negative rates on
euro-denominated deposits.

Turning to the securities portfolio. On average, the portfolio increased approximately $9 billion versus the
second quarter and was around $37 billion over the prior year or nearly 30% higher as we have deployed
the growing deposit base. Average non-HQLA securities, including trading assets, were $33 billion in the
third quarter, up from $22 billion a year ago, as we've been buying some incremental non-HQLA securities
to increase yields while maintaining our conservative risk profile.

Moving to Page 8, which provides some color on our asset mix and our loan portfolio. Our average
interest-earning assets were relatively stable at $358 billion. But as I mentioned, we did redeploy some
cash into investment securities this quarter. The loan portfolio represents just 15% of our interest-earning
assets. We continue to feel good about our credit exposures, and the portfolio continues to perform
well, still at 0 net charge-offs this year. We will continue to closely monitor the portfolio, particularly the
commercial real estate exposure and other sectors more acutely impacted by the current environment.

Provision for credit losses reflected a fairly consistent macroeconomic outlook versus the prior quarter and
a modest net uptick in reserves primarily related to our CRE portfolio.

Page 9 provides an overview of expenses. Expenses of $2.7 billion were up 4%. 3% of the increase was
driven by the tax-related reserve reduction last year in investment management. The remainder of the
increase was the result of continued investments in technology and the impact of a weaker U.S. dollar,
partially offset by lower staff and business development expenses, namely Travel and Marketing.

Turning to Page 10. Total Investment Services revenue declined 4% as almost all business revenue
growth rates were impacted by year-over-year lower net interest revenue. Assets under custody and/or
administration increased 8% year-over-year to $38.6 trillion, and we continue to see organic growth with

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

new and existing clients as well as the benefit from higher market values and the impact of a weaker U.S.
dollar. As I move to the business line discussion, I will focus my comments on fees.

Within Asset Servicing, overall fees increased slightly, primarily on organic growth with existing clients
and higher market levels. These increases were partially offset by lower securities lending revenue due
to tighter spreads as well as marginally lower foreign exchange revenue on the back of lower industry
volumes despite higher volatility in FX markets.

Other trading revenue was down, driven by fixed income trading activities, which is offset in NIR. In
Pershing, fee revenue decreased as the impact of fee waivers more than offset good organic growth.
Transaction volumes, clearing accounts, mutual fund assets and sweep balances all increased, and net
new assets were $12 billion in the quarter. Year-to-date, the pipeline has further improved as the business
continues to gain momentum.

Issuer Services fees revenue decreased by 9%, driven by Depositary Receipts based on the slowdown
in cross-border settlement as well as seasonal dividend and other corporate action activity due to macro
uncertainty.

Trends in DR masked good underlying momentum in Corporate Trust as demonstrated by new business
wins and client deposit growth, and corporate trust fees were modestly higher.

Treasury Services fee revenue was up 9% despite the tough macroeconomic environment and lower
overall payment activity, primarily due to higher liquidity balances, which grew over 45% year-over-year,
net new business and an improvement in product mix.

Clearance and Collateral Management fees were impacted by lower revenue of $12 million, driven by the
divestiture of an equity investment in the fourth quarter of last year as well as subdued activity in the U.S.
treasury market despite higher issuance levels as secondary trading and, therefore, settlement activity
was lower. These headwinds were partially offset by higher non-U.S. dollar collateral management fees.

Page 11 summarizes the drivers that affected the year-over-year revenue comparisons for each of our
investment services businesses.

Turning to Investment and Wealth Management on Page 12. Total Investment and Wealth Management
revenue was up 3%. Overall assets under management of $2 trillion are up 9% year-over-year, primarily
due to higher markets, the impact of U.S. dollar weakening and cash inflows from earlier this year. We had
net outflows of $5 billion in the quarter, the long-term strategies had net inflows of $5 billion, including
significant LDI inflows from targeted clients.

Investment Management revenue was up 5%, driven mainly by higher market values, the favorable
impact of a weaker U.S. dollar and uptick in performance fees and the absence of the impact of hedging
activity that occurred a year ago. This offset higher money market fee waivers. Wealth Management
revenue was down 1% year-over-year while fees were flat as higher market levels were offset by net
outflows, partially due to client tax payments and a shift by clients to lower fee investment products. In
the quarter, there were $21 million of seed capital hedging losses that were more than offset by gains on
seed capital. The net of these items are reflected in other fee revenue within the segment.

As a reminder, in the consolidated financial statements, the results of the seed capital hedges are in
foreign exchange and other trading and the seed capital gains are reflected in income from consolidated
investment management funds and investment in other income.

In the third quarter last year, there was also a revenue hedged in one of the investment management
boutiques, which has since been eliminated.

Now turning to our other segment on Page 13. The year-over-year revenue comparison was primarily
impacted by the lease-related impairment of $70 million recorded in the third quarter of last year while
expenses declined primarily due to lower staff expense.

And now a few comments about the fourth quarter. First, I would note that the macroeconomic
environment remains fluid. Although we are expecting higher volatility in the fourth quarter around the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

election, it is difficult to predict whether this will translate into higher transaction volumes or whether
there will be a risk-off environment.

Looking ahead at net interest revenue, we expect NIR to decline sequentially by 3% to 5%. As we look
into next year, we expect the quarterly NIR run rate to be slightly less than the fourth quarter level.
This is based on a few factors. First, the forward curve indicates a fairly stable rate environment from
here, implying that the work should be behind us. Second, we continue to take action and optimize the
securities and loan portfolio as deposit season, generating marginally higher yields. Third, the unrealized
gains associated with the higher-yielding long-term securities will take some time to roll off. Fourth, we
do not expect further deleveraging. And additionally, our deposit balances remain strong and are slightly
higher than the third quarter average. We expect them to remain at these levels.

In the fourth quarter, we continue to expect money market fee waivers, net of distribution expense
benefits, to be in the original range indicated of $135 million to $150 million. As we look into the next
year, we expect the waivers to be fully incorporated into our run rate at the higher end of that range.
Waivers will also start to impact Investment Services businesses aside from Pershing to a greater extent.

And on full year expenses, excluding notable items, we expect this to remain essentially flat versus
2019, including the 50 basis point full year-over-year impact from higher pension expense. They may be
up slightly if there is a weakening of the U.S. dollar, but this, of course, would be largely offset on the
revenue line, which would benefit from a weakening U.S. dollar.

Credit costs will be highly dependent upon individual credit and other macroeconomic developments. In
terms of our effective tax rate, we still look to be approximately 20% for the full year, although it was
lower this quarter.
With that, operator, can you please open the line for questions?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Welcome, Emily. So first question for you guys, I was hoping to go back to opening comments around
how the challenging rate backdrop and, obviously, market was challenging in the beginning of the year,
perhaps masking some of the growth initiatives that are taking place underneath. It sounds like, Todd,
you're a little bit more optimistic about that into next year. So can you help us contextualize which specific
initiatives from a top line perspective you expect to be the most material contributors to sort of top
line growth into '21? And over time, again, given numerous things you mentioned, what do you see the
reasonable organic fee growth for the firm, excluding sort of the market dynamics?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Sure, Alex. Good to hear from you. I think probably the most impactful one is around Pershing. And so
-- and we did call out the details around Pershing. So as we've been investing in the advisory space, and
we are seeing some good growth and some good wins there, yes, we saw on a year-over-year basis a
decline in fees. But there's about $73 million of fee waivers that are reflected there. So if you adjust for
that, there was actually pretty healthy growth. So we continue to see that as a potential upside. And it will
be good to get these fee waivers behind us because that -- the masking of what's lying underneath it will
go away. I think secondly, in Asset Servicing, we're seeing the same effect, where we're starting to see a
little bit of fee waivers. Obviously, we're seeing a lot of net interest income impact and there's a little bit of
other noise.

I mean we had divested off an asset that was driving that fee line a year ago. We took a big gain in
the fourth quarter, but there was some income related to that, that we would have enjoyed in the third
quarter that's no longer there. But when we look at what we see going on there, we do see some traction
around our data and analytics space. We -- I mean -- and also one of the important things there, and
one of our key strategies, is quality of service. And the quality of our service and the feedback that we're
getting from clients continues to improve. It helps not only the retention of business but new business,
especially with existing clients, and we're starting to see that come through the line and a bit of that is
masked.

On the Clearing and Collateral Management space we're making significant investments in what we're
calling the future of collateral, which will make that business much more interoperable and beneficial to
our clients, we see some growth opportunities. This particular quarter was pretty soft for that. I mean it
had -- again, we had divested off an asset that was reflected in that line. We also -- and this is kind of
surprising, just the clearing of volumes in the treasury market despite the massive increases in issuance
by the U.S. government, they were down.

It was kind of a quiet quarter when it came to the Clearing and Collateral Management business and the
clearing business, in particular. We saw a very modest increase in global collateral but domestic collateral
management was down a little bit as we saw some deleveraging. So there are a number of things masking
that. I think we'll be able to pick up market share in the future. And I think we'll also be able to pick up a
movement from bilateral to tri-party because of the efficiencies that they're going to get on our platform.
So I think those are a couple of the key points.

Alexander Blostein
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Got it. And I guess just putting it all together and not to pinpoint, '21 or '22, as you think about the
collection of businesses that you guys have, what do you think is the reasonable organic fee growth that
we should anticipate from BNY Mellon over time?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. I don't think I want to put that out of the guidance at this point. But when we look to this year,
there's a modest amount, 1% or 2% underlying kind of organic fee growth, a lot of it masked by all those
things I just described.

Operator

We will take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Todd, you mentioned the buyback when the gates are lifted from the Fed. And I just wanted to understand
how quickly you would be willing to buy back the stock down to the Tier 1 leverage ratio of, what, I think,
it's 6% that you're using as you were self-imposed minimum there?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Well, first of all, we'd like to get started, obviously, as soon as we can. The guidance that Emily gave is as
a target. And right now, our constraint is the Tier 1 leverage ratio, as we go through the stress test, that's
historically what it's been. And we gave guidance that we think we should target somewhere between the
5.5% and 6% range, and we're currently at 6.5% and growing.

That being said, the reason we give guidance in that range is right now, our -- as you know, our balance
sheets have been bloated because of all of the liquidity that the Fed has put in place. So in this kind
of environment where we've already felt the sharp increase in deposits that come with the market
environment, we wouldn't expect another course of that. So we'd probably be willing to move towards the
middle or lower end of that target.

So that being said, we'll have to look at market conditions at the time when the Fed will lift the
restrictions, see what the economy is doing, what we think is going to be going on with the balance sheet
and we'd absolutely be willing to start moving aggressively.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. So if there was another fiscal plan that came through that doesn't really impact your deposits,
obviously, as much as the Fed increasing the size of the balance sheet, so another round of fiscal stimulus
doesn't really drive up your deposits. You don't have to worry about that too much. Is that one of the
takeaways there?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

I think that's right.

Betsy Lynn Graseck
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then on the follow-up question just on how we're thinking about reinvesting the cash
you have on the balance sheet. Maybe Emily you can speak to how you're thinking about redeploying that
into securities. You talked about having NIM next year, or I should say NII next year will be running at a
little bit less than the 4Q run rate. So I'm expecting that some of that cash redeployment will be occurring.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Maybe if you could give us some color as to how you're thinking about that, the pace and how much of
your cash you're willing to redeploy into securities?

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Good to hear from you, Betsy. Ultimately, as we've been talking about for some time, we have
been looking to redeploy the excess cash that we have. And of course, as deposits do begin to season,
we have an ability to do that. We have been increasing the amount of high-quality non-HQLA in the
portfolio marginally quarter-on-quarter and actually year-over-year, that's up about 29 -- that's up about
$10 billion, sorry. And -- so it's a mixture of growing the portfolio, investing in -- growing the non-HQLA
around the edges, extending duration. And the only other thing I would say is we -- it's not just about the
securities portfolio, but it's also about the loan portfolio. So we are redeploying some of our deposits into
our loan portfolio, which, of course, also helps with client services and client relationships.

Operator

We will take our next question from Glenn Schorr with Evercore ISI.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a follow-up on the capital. And Todd, we've talked about this a little bit in the past. But I get it, you
got tons and you keep making more and the buyback is awfully enticing and accretive. I'm curious on how
you guys balance that with the potential to deploy capital into something else that could accelerate growth
and/or improve the overall mix of the company?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. Okay. Glenn, yes, thanks for the question. We're constantly looking at what opportunities lie out there
for us. And we take -- and what I say, Glenn, is we take a very, very careful look at it, and I think a very
disciplined approach to how we would look at something inorganic. We're certainly not opposed to it. From
time to time, we see certain types of actions that lift-outs that might make some sense to us.

But frankly, we compare them to a capital return. And they should be able to beat the long-term EPS
growth that we'd otherwise get buying back our shares. So we hold ourselves very strictly to that
discipline. There may be -- and we did things through the financial crisis. There may be opportunities here
to do something. We've got a team that's constantly evaluating, whether it's in the fintech space, whether
it's extending a market, whether it's doing something in adjacency to what we're currently looking at. So
we're absolutely willing to consider things, but they have to make sense for the long-term growth of the
company.

Glenn Paul Schorr
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that. Maybe just one quickie on issuer services. We -- I know it's hard with the crystal
ball, but we've had a big surge in debt issuance this year. I'm curious on how you think about just the
overall business growth going into next year? What you see as pulled forward versus just a still good
issuing environment?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Sure. So in our issuer services, we've actually got 2 businesses in that segment. We've got the Corporate
Trust business, which you're referring to, but we also have the DR, the Depositary Receipt business. The
DR business was -- as you might expect, was quite a bit softer. A lot of that is international -- related
to international equities, obviously. And the volume and dividends and the action there was down. So
we generate a lot of revenue off of the corporate actions and the third quarter is typically a pretty good

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

quarter. It was still up sequentially, but it was down substantially year-over-year. So that kind of masks
the underlying performance of Corporate Trust.

We think Corporate Trust continues to -- we've picked up a little bit of market share in some of the
core businesses. Frankly, we had lost our mojo a couple of years ago. And I think we've gotten it back,
and we're seeing some growth there. And the opportunity and the issuance that has taken place has
been significant. It's not the highest yielding type of issuance, but as we start to see some more of the
structured product and the credit product come back, we think we're well positioned to capture that
growth. There's a little -- this is another one of the businesses that does -- is impacted by fee waivers. So
a little bit of that will be masked by fee waivers over the next quarter or 2.

And that's why in my opening remarks, I said looking forward to getting that reset done, having the fee
waivers fully priced into the run rate as well as the lower interest rates in our net interest income, and we
expect to see that probably sometime early next year.

Operator

We will take our next question from Mike Carrier with Bank of America.

Michael Roger Carrier
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

First, just given the net interest revenue and waiver pressures, just curious if there's any other efficiency
initiatives possible to reduce expenses heading into '21 despite some of the investments that you guys
have talked about making for the business to drive growth?

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

I'll take that. So yes, we do have many efficiency initiatives that are actually ongoing. And ultimately,
whether it is -- I think we've talked at previous -- in previous forums, whether it's investments that we've
made in terms of automating client inquiries, hands-free NAV and various other initiatives. Those are all
things that are coming. Look, we do expect -- they already are coming through our cost line, the benefit,
and they will continue to come through the cost line.

The other thing I would just say is that in this year we probably -- not probably, we reached our peak of
investment in resiliency. That doesn't mean we're going to stop investing. We have -- we will continue
to invest in resiliency, but we reached the peak investment. So that will abate a bit and give us some
room. And likewise, we have, ultimately, very different initiatives across the business from a structural
perspective as we're looking at the potential permanent impact of COVID on real estate footprint as well
as sales and marketing expenses and other digitization efforts that are accelerating with our clients.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. Mike, if I could add to that. One of the things that we did in the quarter is I named Bridget Engle
Head of Tech and Ops. She was previously Head of Technology. And by bringing Tech and Ops together,
and Ops covers most of the operations of the company, I think the opportunity to automate, to work more
closely together, to really target where we're going to invest in our automation process, we still do. There's
still lots of fruit on the -- low-lying fruit of that tree because we still do that and we, unfortunately, have a
lot of manual processes, things that we can do more efficiently.

So by putting Tech and Ops together, and Bridget Engle working with our Head of Operations, Ann Fogarty,
that much more closely, I think we'll be able to identify and execute more quickly on some of these
efficiencies. I mean we've been moving pretty well as basically funded the increase in our -- the significant
increase in our technology expenses over the last few years. We do think those increases are going to
abate. They're not going to be at the same rate. It's probably been a 10% compounded annual growth
rate for a number of years here. And so that puts us in a position to keep grinding through it.

Michael Roger Carrier

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

All right. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up. Just given some of the noise with the waivers and even
volatility levels throughout the year, just curious how pricing has been trending in asset servicing over the
past 6 or so months. And then just in terms of going forward, any expected changes or any expected kind
of surges in contract negotiations that could move it either one way or another.

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure, Mike, I'll take that. We -- obviously, asset servicing is a pretty mature business. So repricing is
just a continual headwind, although it's pretty modest. And we have not seen a change in that -- in the
amount, really, from a percentage basis and impact on revenues for several years. So it's not any worse
than it has been. As you do rightfully point out, though, it is lumpy. And as bigger contracts do come up
for renewal, that can be lumpy.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

But the pipeline is strong. Yes, the pipeline is strong. And when we look at the pipeline, a very high
percentage of them now, I think over 20% of it, is looking at our data and analytics offerings. So we're
really starting to see that pick up. And when you -- if you look at -- I mean I think the best way to
evaluate the business is from the operating margins and the operating margins aren't under pressure
because of pricing. They're under pressure because of the cyclical nature of interest rates in that business.

Operator

We will take our next question from Mike Mayo with Wells Fargo Securities.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

I guess there are some factors you have difficulty controlling and some factors that you can control. You
mentioned once interest rates settle down, we'll see some more of the benefits. You guided for lower
NII ahead, though. So the first question is when do you think that you'll see the full negative impact of
interest rates in the run rate so we can see the underlying progress come through? And then I'll ask a
second question.

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Go ahead, Emily.

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Mike, good to hear from you. So look, I'm not going to try to call the market or the timing on the
interests and rates. But as we did just guide in our prepared remarks, we think that the fourth quarter
NII will probably be anywhere from 3% to 5% down from this quarter. And ultimately, we do think it's
probably a pretty good estimate to use slightly lower than what the fourth quarter is meant to be or what
we expect it to be to project out the rest of next year.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

So it -- so basically, we're saying, Mike, that something slightly under the fourth quarter run rate. But
that's making the assumption that the forward yield curve is reflected in what actually happens.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

And just to add to that...

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

So no improvement in rates. It just reflects where the market is.

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Exactly.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. There's only so much you can do about that, I guess. But on the other question, assets under
custody, you're up 8% year-over-year and your investment servicing revenues are down 4% year-over-
year. And this is not a new issue for you or any of the trust banks, but how can you grow the investment
servicing business while also growing investment servicing revenues?

You mentioned, Todd, you've gained share in the trust business, but there seems to be a disconnect
between AUC growth and the revenues related to that. Is that just competition? And can you change your
fee model or how you charge your customers? It seems like your customers are getting the better end of
the arrangement.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. Sometimes it feels that. There's a little bit of noise, Mike, in that line. And in the -- when we look at
the asset servicing fees in the corporate line rather than in the segment, that reflects the clearing and
collateral management business as well. And the clearing and collateral management business in the third
quarter didn't have a very good quarter. There was a divestiture that took place. We've lost a significant
amount of revenue there. But the activity was actually pretty depressed in the quarter, which is kind of a
surprise because even though the U.S. government is issuing a significant amount of additional treasuries,
the actual trading around that was a little bit less than we would have anticipated and there were some
other impacts there.

The other thing in that line is securities lending. And securities lending, again, volumes are up, that's
another interest rate and market-related issue. The reinvestment rates are significantly down, so the
spreads are down. And we didn't see many things in the way of special. So there is a little bit of the
deleveraging. So if you adjust for that, we don't see anything substantially different in the pricing or the
operating margins -- underlying operating margins, except for some of the cyclical effects that I just
pointed out.

That being said, it puts us in a position should we price to assume that those cyclical pressures are going
to remain forever or should we price maintaining the optionality that we're going to have on the upside.
And competition will help us drive that, but we're going to do what we think will be in the long-term
interest with those clients.

Michael Lawrence Mayo
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. I guess that leads to why you're putting so much effort on the efficiency. I mean we don't have
the earnings from investment servicing. You don't break it out to that detail. But we still get -- even after
adjusting for securities lending and these other factors, there's still -- AUC is growing faster than the
revenues from it, right? And so that's why you're trying to improve efficiency.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Anything about the earnings related to that business? Is it keeping pace? Because, again, we don't have it
at that level, and that's a core function of what you guys do.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. No, I think we -- it's a meaningful contributor to the overall performance of the company. I think we
are continuing to get more efficient. But we also have some other investments that we think that we can
expand the revenue stream as we provide more capabilities around data management, for example. We're
starting to see a little bit of traction there.

Some of the applications I described -- I described one on the -- in my earlier remarks, where we've got
an ESG app that I think is really starting to gain some traction. We've got 12 clients now operating on
it. We've got maybe 100 demos that we've given. Very good take-up on that. We have another app on
distribution analytics which, I think, can really help our clients increase their distribution, and there's --
that's how you really build out relationships.

So there's things that we're trying to generate more revenues as we take on more of the operational
burden from our clients. But at the same time, we are -- the throughput is going up without significant
increases in cost. So yes, we are driving down our per unit cost meaningfully.

Operator

We will take our next question from Brennan Hawken with UBS.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

I just wanted to follow-up on NII. You -- Emily, thank you for providing -- taking a stab at 2021 and
appreciate that you're using the forward curve. So just was curious about what assumptions are also
embedded for MBS prepayment activity in that? It seems as though more recently that was a bit of a
surprise versus some of maybe what the third parties -- third-party data sources had been expecting. Are
you expecting that, that will continue to accelerate?

And then when you talk about the lending and some balance sheet optimization into lending, is that on the
margin side -- margin loan side or is that elsewhere? Because it looks like the margin loan yield is holding
up better than the prior reserve period. So curious if that's sustainable, is that some mix or some color on
that front?

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Sure. I'll take both of those. In terms of MBS prepayments, just for what it's worth, they were --
we had a -- they accelerated about 5% more than we originally expected and that is part of the headwind
on NIR, at least in the third quarter. In terms of as we think about -- as we go through next year, we do
expect it to slow modestly. So that's in our projection.

And then, I guess, in terms of your question with regard to lending, we actually -- at the minute, our
lending portfolio is relatively flat at $55 billion. You'll see probably growth in that as we get into next year,
again, more marginally. We don't lead with lending. It's certainly something that we do to strengthen
relationships that we have with our clients. And the places where we really see a lot of -- or some
opportunity is in the '40 Act lending space, well, basically mortgages in wealth and also supply trade
finance in Treasury Services.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. And I would add to that, Brennan, that interestingly, in the big drawdowns that we had on the
corporate committed facilities, 70% of those have been paid back. So we've seen that loan -- part of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

loan portfolio go down. So I think that's kind of the noise associated with that, that's been stabilized. But
we would like to continue to grow, and we'll do it prudently.

The margin lending business. It's a very low risk. It's a decent return. We'd like to see some more '40 Act
lending, which is something that looks akin to that as well as the supply chain and mortgages and wealth
that we talked about.

Brennan Hawken
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

All right. That's really helpful. Thanks for that color. And then when we think of like taking a step back
here, rates are tough and clearly more environmental than something that specifically you guys are doing.
But a big part of your economic model is embedded within rates because of the deposit spreads embedded
within your -- the returns that you generate from your clients.

And so this period feels sort of different than when we went into the last one. The last one was viewed as
temporary. It's just something we need to get through, and then we're going to come out on the other
side and we'll return to a "normal environment." And that position has come under a pretty significant
question.

So I guess, what I would say is, what are you -- how are you thinking about making adjustments to the
pricing model? How are you thinking about reconsidering some of the economic considerations when you
assess clients? And what are your assumptions for where deposit spreads would return to, just to ensure
that the new business that you win, the assessment of existing relationships remains reasonably calibrated
to what is the likely environment, unfortunately, we're going to be until a while. I know it's a tough one,
but just curious your thoughts.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. So -- yes, I think that the general feeling and ours is as well is that rates are lower for longer. By the
way, the last cycle, they were low for a fairly substantial period of time. That being said, we see the light
at the end of the tunnel for the fully baked in impact of interest rates today, and it's from there that we'll
grow.

So we will take into consideration what the market implies in interest rates as we price activity going
forward, and that's reflected in all of our pricing assumptions. And we've also got a whole series of
initiatives that we think will give us deeper relationships and add revenue streams as we look there out.

So we do see the potential for some margin expansion. We see the potential for some revenue growth.
We see the benefits of our operating efficiencies. It really just points back to our key priorities. There's a
handful of organic growth initiatives that we've got in place. They're not all going to pay out, but some of
them will. And the activity levels are still high. What we do is important, and it's growing.

I mean if you look at the Pershing marketplace, the advisory business is growing rapidly. And we think
we can capture more of that. There's been a consolidation amongst custodians. That's an interesting
opportunity for us. So it's not always with us. We understand we've got an interest rate headwind. We
want to get it behind us and move off a bit and grow the company from there.

Operator

We will take our next question from Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

First of all, thanks for the extra disclosure on the money market fee waivers and, Emily, on the balance
sheet strategy, definitely very helpful. Maybe going into Pershing picking off, starting with that last -- with
your last answer, Todd, within that opportunity within the RIA custodian space is -- first of all, I missed

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

one number you've quoted earlier. I don't know if it was the $12 billion of net new assets in that business
or if's something different? If you could repeat that?

And then the question really is, is more of the opportunity going forward on that, I get the time line of
it. Are you -- have you benefited from that significantly already? Or do you think that we're in the early
innings of the RIA market share gain there? And are you doing anything differently than you had in the
past in that business to try to win that business from the other custodian?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. Your number was correct. And yes, we are investing more significantly in the business. We're
investing in both sales, marketing as well as the platform that supports the advisory business. And we've
got plans to do more and to continue capturing market share. We're doing -- the pipeline is strong.

There's another space there that I really didn't even mention and that is institutional clearing. It's
something that we're uniquely positioned to do, and we're seeing more and more as even bigger
broker dealers look to outsource, trying to reduce some of the capital requirements and balance sheet
requirements as well as just gaining efficiencies. And the connectivity that Pershing has to our clearing
and collateral and tri-party business is a unique offering. So we see opportunities there as well.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

And so is there some confidence that you can outweigh the fee waivers in that segment over the next few
quarters potentially from the organic growth?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

It's going to be difficult in the short term. That's why I want to get them behind us. As I just indicated,
Brian, on a year-over-year basis, that fee waiver was $74 million in the quarter -- $73 million in the
quarter for Pershing. Once we get -- absolutely, once we get that set, then we're working back to recover
it.

Brian Bertram Bedell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Yes. That makes sense. And then your comments on the data offering, 20% of the pipeline. Can you
just talk about the role of Aladdin within that? I know you've integrated that into some of the servicing
process. And you also mentioned the ESG app that's obviously starting, still in early phase. But maybe
if you can talk about what you're doing there, is that aggregating data from the other ESG services or
are you actually putting a proprietary analytical engine on the ESG that might generate some additional
growth? And are you beginning to charge for that yet?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. So Brian, let me focus on the ESG app first. So it's a little bit of both. So basically, the client brings
the license to us. So we have integrated or we'll connect to as many as 100 different ESG data providers.
And we've built a whole -- we'll use the unitization factors or we'll also kind of customize factors that are
most frequently used. And so you can run your own analytics against those factors. Probably the neatest
thing that we've done against it is we've built a crowdsourcing app as well.

So there's a sharing of which factors, which data suppliers appear to be the most trusted. And if it -- and
it also shows you how much data there is on each of the factors that you're looking at, so whether you
can even trust that factor or not. And when there's a lack of information or the quality of information is
challenged by the crowd, we're feeding that information back to the data providers so they can constantly
improve it.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

So we think it's pretty innovative. It's -- and the -- we're agnostic to where the data is. They can feed it
to us. If we're the custodian, we can flip the switch and turn it on for them. So that's the -- that particular
app.

Do you have anything to add, Emily?

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

No, I can take the OMS.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Okay. Go ahead.

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

So we've actually seen a very nice uptick in terms of -- or take-up, I should say, in terms of our
partnerships with the various OMSs. And by the way, just as a reminder, it's not just Aladdin, but we have
a partnership with Bloomberg, SimCorp, CRD as well as SS&C. So we're really about open architecture.
And we think that our integration is more robust. We truly have integrated through single sign-on and the
data feeds also across more asset classes.

And ultimately, it's not only beneficial to us but it's also beneficial to those service providers. And the
last thing I would just mention about open architecture, it's not just about the front end. It's actually
about -- throughout the entire life cycle -- the investment life cycle. So we've got also agreements and
partnerships with many fintechs; EZOPS, Milestone, Kingfield and others.

Operator

We will take our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Todd, you mentioned earlier that a couple of the businesses were just kind of quiet this quarter. I wanted
to ask you just a bigger question when you think across the businesses, the activity-driven businesses
versus the really strong first quarter, things have kind of settled down. Do you get a sense that we kind of
are now at normal levels of activity when you think across the more transactional parts of the company?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. Ken, so I'd say the answer to that is yes. And I'd also say the third quarter was, I mean, typically,
it's a little bit of a seasonal quarter to slow down into vacation. We actually saw that this quarter and --
versus a year ago where you had the blip in the repo markets and some unusual things and some unusual
revenues related to that. We didn't see -- this looked more like the seasonality that we would typically see
in the quarter. So it feels, at least for the time being, that there is a level of normalcy around the volumes
and activity.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Okay. And a follow-up on the buyback, Todd. Loud and clear that you're ready to go. Would there be
anything -- if the Fed were to lift the buyback restriction after 4Q, is it just onto your own decisioning from
there? Is there anything either politically or regulatory that could get in the way of you guys just ready to
plow back into the buyback?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

And related, how would you start to think about if you were able to get back in? Do you go right back to
buying back 100% total capital return or do you have to kind of leg in?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. So -- I mean one of the benefits of the new regime, once it gets fully implemented, the stress to
capital buffer, it's no longer a program where we submit a plan with X amount of buybacks by period, and
if we vary from that plan, we have to make an adjustment or a resubmission. It is we have to maintain
our stressed capital buffer. And so we're not restricted by timing and the implications of that. So we
actually -- we think it's a very logical approach, and we look forward to operating within it because I think
it gives us more of the agility that you're pointing to there, Ken.

Now in terms of political consequences or we're -- I mean that's really outside of our control. The Fed is
meant to be an apolitical institution. And I think they will go through the stress test. They'll make their
own assessments, and they will determine what actions they are going to permit.

Kenneth Michael Usdin
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Got it. And just one final clean up. Just on the -- any change in your outlook for the tax rate? Or can you
just help us understand what that outlook is?

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

So I think we guided already. It's still 20% for the full year.

Operator

We will take our next question from Steven Chubak with Wolfe Research.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

I wanted to start off with a question on capital. Emily, I appreciate you drawing a line in the sand,
outlining the 50 -- roughly 50 to 100 bps of excess Tier 1 leverage you have today. Admittedly, like when
we start to run various scenarios in terms of significant deposit uplift and if there is like a negative market
shock that we ultimately experience, that 5.5% to 6% target, it still feels quite conservative. And just
wanted to get some context as to why you feel that's the appropriate level that you need to manage to?
And how could that potentially evolve over time if you find that the deposits prove to be stickier and the
balance sheet volatility ultimately proves to be less as the COVID pressure starts to abate?

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. I can take that, and Todd, you can add if you want. In terms of -- it is worth mentioning from a
deposit perspective, our deposits are trending about 3% up from where they were in the second quarter.
So they're -- that just gives you some...

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Trending in the third quarter.

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Sorry, in the third quarter. Apologies, in the third quarter. They're currently around 3% up. And ultimately,
when it comes to just thinking about the Tier 1 leverage, you are correct, it is our binding constraint.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Having said that, we have done very well on all of our stress tests which have taken into account very
severe market shocks. And we do feel that the buffer that we've talked about is certainly sufficient, and
you are correct that we're running above that. And as a result, our excess -- certainly excess capital to the
extent there is an additional surge in deposits.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. I'd add to that, Steven, and I'd say when you look at your capital ratios, you have to look at them
kind of BAU and current operating conditions. So yes, we've got a massive excess relative to that. And
if you -- and to your point, is it more stable? Well, we've already gotten a significant uptick due to the
activities coming out of the Fed, and fiscal is not going to -- it's probably not to have anything like that
to the underlying deposit base. So we're really positioned to handle growth, but we also have to run it
through the stress test.

So it's not just normal business conditions, but through stress, that Tier 1 leverage ratio could be a
constraint, and that's what we're playing out. So the buffer reflects both what could be an increase in the
deposits for any particular sharp upturn as well as what we need just to meet -- to run a traditional stress
test.

Steven Joseph Chubak
Wolfe Research, LLC

And just 1 follow-up from me regarding some of the discussion regarding some of the organic fee green
shoots that were cited earlier. And over the last couple of years, PPNR has contracted. It's almost been
exclusively driven by NII and interest rate pressures. Core fees have been running flattish. Expenses have
also been running flattish and you've tried to maintain discipline there.

As we think about a scenario where, say, in 12 months, if some of those organic fee green shoots that
were cited, if we're still running at flattish fee income, I just want to get a sense as to how you're thinking
philosophically about how you want to manage the expense base? And if we're not seeing that pickup in
organic fee growth, how your philosophy around that might evolve?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Okay. I'll make a couple of comments on that note. When you look at that fee growth, it's also absorbing,
and we pointed to $150 million fee waivers per quarter. So that's an enormous number. So underneath
that, there has to be some growth in order to sustain where we are. And we think we're going to be able
to continue that.

Obviously, based on conditions and what actually happens to revenues, we will take harder and harder
look at expenses. We've been able to make the investments in technology, resiliency, automation, cyber,
everything that we've done to make ourselves a stronger company. I got to admit, it actually is more
and more important, having gone through this last crisis, that clients see the benefit of resiliency of a
global operating model that was able to meet huge increases in volumes. And so if anything, I think we'll
probably see more as a result of that.

So we've been able to do all of that and manage the expenses, and we'll drop more to the bottom line
based on what happens to the revenue picture.

Operator

We will take our next question from Brian Kleinhanzl with KBW.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Just a quick question on the asset management business. I know there was a restructuring there in the
past and combining some of the boutiques that you had stand-alone. But now what we've seen across

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

the asset management space is certainly more interest in consolidation. So I guess can you maybe
address that from both sides of it, like what's the opportunity to, one, do acquisitions and what's the
appetite as well to maybe get rid of -- not rid of, potentially divest some of these businesses within asset
management?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Sure, Brian. It's been kind of interesting as you start to see a little more action. I think as you think about
that business, there are kind of really 3 drivers of success, and that's probably what's -- now. And that's
probably what's moving some of the action. I think it comes down to scale; integrated distribution, if you
have it; and obviously, performance.

And so if you look at -- we are a $2 trillion of AUM. So we have meaningful scale. Our performance has
actually been pretty darn good. One of the things I cited in my opening remarks is that our 30 largest
funds, where there are indices for them to follow and they make up about 60% of our revenues, are
performing in the top one -- or first or second quartile. So -- and that's been -- and they've been there
over the last 3 years. So I think we're well positioned and it's reflective.

We've got some pretty interesting assets underneath there. The liability-driven investment has been
growing. And it's a business that we think we can -- it's primarily in the U.K. and Europe. It's something I
think we can import into the U.S. We've got one of the world's largest credit managers. We just put a new
CEO in place there. This is primarily a European credit manager, and I think there's significant opportunity
for it to grow. Probably underperformed in the past couple of years. It's done fine, but I think it missed
opportunities to grow faster.

And if you think about our distribution, we're pretty interesting, too, because we have a wealth manager.
It's open architected, but it delivers some of our manufacturing capabilities. And Pershing is also a very
powerful platform, again, open architected. But it's a platform where there's real estate for some of our
product and probably more potential there.

So we've got a number of the components. So we're watching very carefully what's going on in the
industry. And if something made sense on our platform, then we have to give it hard consideration.

Brian Matthew Kleinhanzl
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And then just a second question. I mean last earnings call, you talked about the potential cost saves
opportunity from how you rethink workforce or workplace. In the future, as the stemming from work from
home and the pandemic, how far along are you rethinking the workforce or workplace of the future and
when you could actually see some cost saves come through from that?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. So as we think about it, it's going to impact real estate. It's going to impact things like disaster
recovery sites because we've created a new amazing disaster recovery capability here. It will certainly
impact longer term, what we think, business development, travel, entertainment, those type of costs. So
there's a number of areas throughout the organization.

We've done -- we're starting to do a pretty deep analysis on who needs to be in the office all the time,
who doesn't need to be in the office any other time and who should be in the office some of the time. And
my view is there is a -- there is -- there continues to be a compelling argument for aggregating, it leads to
innovation, it leads to building really the performance culture that you want to inculcate into the company
difficult not to do it without some in present meetings, I do think travel and seeing clients is still critical.
I think it will change a little bit. And the use of some of the technology now will be much more frequent.
We've all gotten pretty astute at it as well, even me.

And so I think that will all change. So we're kind of laying out where we could go and what the implication
to our real estate is. But that's going to -- but for that to factor into the P&L will take some time. And
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

ultimately, as much as we might think it should go one way or the other, the market is also going to
dictate it a bit, too, because the -- we have a lot of technologists and if the market starts to lean to more
work from home, we'll adjust to that.

Operator

We will take our next question from Gerard Cassidy with RBC.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Todd, you mentioned, obviously, the binding constraint for your capital, the leverage ratio. And when you
look at your balance sheet, I think you said it’s related today, it's up about 15% from a year ago.

Can you share with us where do you think it should be under normal conditions? And how long did it take
to get there? And what would we need to see in the macro environment for you guys to actually reach a
more normalized size of the balance sheet?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. I think the balance sheet probably will grow traditionally with the growth in the underlying
businesses, which if you think about the AUC and there's a relationship to that. If you think about what's
going on with Pershing payables, there's a relationship to that. The Treasury Services business, for
example, Gerard, we took a -- we went on a campaign. We said we probably -- we're too shy in taking on
deposits when there was an opportunity. We're a great counterparty and our clients wanted us to grow our
deposits there.

So I feel some of that was core growth underneath it. It's hard for me to really estimate exactly what the
-- what is excess versus what would have been the traditional growth over that period and what would
have grown based on our own internal efforts. But I would expect -- there certainly is some excess in
it. And I would expect, if there is a change in interest rates and we don't see that in the near term, that
would contract a bit, obviously, maybe a lot more profitable but contracted a bit.

Gerard Sean Cassidy
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Very good. And then coming back to something you said earlier in the call about organic growth. If you
look -- if you turn back the clock and look at your organic growth over the last 3 and maybe 5 years, how
are you framing out between existing customers giving you more business versus new customers, earning
new business that drives that organic growth?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Yes. So if we -- first of all, existing customers are great customers because they don't have the
implementation costs and everything else about it is less. So if a new fund -- if a client opens up a new
fund and they've got multiple custodians, and we're the ones winning the new funds, that's organic
growth, and it's very important to our organic growth and it demonstrates the quality of our services and
the capabilities that we've got. And that's where we're seeing meaningful improvement. So we would
include that as well as new customers. There are only -- in the asset management space, there are only
so many new customers to be had.

Operator

And we will take our last question from Jim Mitchell with Seaport Global.

James Francis Mitchell
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

24

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Maybe just a big picture question on expenses, Todd. It seems like the biggest challenge and opportunity
both is just sort of standardizing and automating the client interface. Just how do you think about
that opportunity set? Where are you? And can that be sort of a longer term tailwind that's material for
expenses?

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Emily, will you take it?

Emily Hope Portney
Chief Financial Officer

Sure. Ultimately, we -- many of our investments are all about improving the customer experience and
making it much more seamless. That's part and parcel of the open architecture that we've been talking
about, and it's all about data integration. And that's going to take a while, that's a journey. But -- and
every client looks and feels slightly different. So we're kind of solving for many different outcomes. But
ultimately, that's part of the open architecture strategy in that we want to offer best-in-breed and as much
flexibility and optionality to our clients as we can.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

And the other thing that I would add is that when we look at our technology, there's still a lot of legacy
technology debt. And one of the commitments and so the -- when you look at where we're actually being
forced to invest, it's in a lot of older systems. And we could run those systems much more efficiently. Of
course, they're effective. They run, they're industrial, like a lot of banks and just about all banks have the
same issues.

As we cloud enable and make our underlying applications more and more efficient, there will be
opportunity. There will be long-term opportunity to get rid of a lot of that legacy technology debt. So this
is -- so we don't see this as a 1- or 2-year effort. I think it is just -- it is just making the commitment to
constantly reinvest to actually get it done because it does take investment to make that transition. And so
we're trying to incorporate that into our investment activities so that we get to renew that stack.

So it's a combination of both what's going on in the operations, how efficiently we can be operating our
corporate functions as well as how efficiently we can operate our technology.

So I believe, operator, that was our last question?

Operator

Yes. And I would like to turn the conference back to Todd Gibbons for any additional or closing remarks.

Thomas P. Gibbons
CEO & Director

Thanks, everybody, for your call. Please reach out to Magda and our Investor Relations team if you have
any follow-up questions. Have a good day.

Operator
Thank you. This concludes today's conference call and webcast. A replay of this conference call and
webcast will be available on the BNY Mellon Investor Relations website at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today. Have
a good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

25

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 16, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

26

