The Gap, Inc. NYSE:GPS
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, June 04, 2020 9:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

(0.64)

(1.08)

NM

(0.12)

0.01

1.15

Revenue  (mm)

2351.56

2107.00

(10.40 %)

2812.78

13495.51

15109.88

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jun-02-2020 5:18 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.53

0.51

0.41

(0.64)

0.63

0.53

0.58

(1.08)

18.87 %

3.92 %

41.46 %

NM

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Tina Romani
Senior Director of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Jenny, and I will be your conference operator today. At
this time, I would like to welcome everyone to The Gap, Inc. First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Today's
call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to introduce your host, Tina Romani, head of Investor Relations.

Tina Romani
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Gap Inc.'s First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.

Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that the information made available on this webcast and
conference call contains forward-looking statements. For information on factors that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements as well as the description and
reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, as noted on Page 2 of the slide supplementing our remarks,
please refer to today's earnings press release as well as our current report on Form 8-K filed on April 23,
2020, and our subsequent filings with the SEC, all of which are available on gapinc.com. These forward-
looking statements are based on information as of June 4, 2020, and we assume no obligation to publicly
update or revise our forward-looking statements.

Joining me on the call today are President and CEO, Sonia Syngal; and Executive Vice President and CFO,
Katrina O'Connell. As mentioned, we will be using slides to supplement our remarks, which you can view
by going to the Investors section of gapinc.com.

With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Sonia.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Tina, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope you're joining us today in good health and that
you're taking care during these challenging times.

Before we jump into the results of our first quarter, I would be remiss to not address the situation that
is top of mind for everyone across the United States, with people of all backgrounds and beliefs coming
together to drive social change. As a company, we have an opportunity to create a world that is more
inclusive, ensuring our brand serves as a force for good by being open to all, listening and giving back to
our communities. While many peaceful protests have taken place across the country, in some cities, our
stores have been taken advantage of and 20 stores have sustained extensive damage. We're fortunate
that all of our teams are safe, and we are working to reopen the impacted stores quickly and safely so we
can serve our customers again.

Now turning to Q1. As I transitioned into the CEO role, we were making good progress with momentum
entering the quarter led by Old Navy and Athleta, only to be met almost immediately with shelter-
in-place orders that resulted in the closure of all of our North American stores. As we monitored the
situation in China and then Europe, we moved quickly to respond to the looming spread of the virus across
geographies, its implications on our business and the industry. While there's no playbook to manage the
fallout, the situation required a radical shift in our priorities, starting first and foremost with protecting the
health and safety of our employees and customers.

While our online business continued to thrive, the store closure resulted in approximately 75% of our
demand being disrupted. To help mitigate these impacts, we took swift action to preserve liquidity and
strengthened our financial flexibility, including having to furlough store teams and reduce headcount
across all of our global offices. Katrina will speak to you shortly about the full breadth of actions we've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

taken which, while difficult, have enabled us to focus on leveraging our inherent advantages to win in a
post-COVID environment.

Throughout, we have moved more quickly and more united than we have in years. Our teams have been
oriented to action and have delivered for the business and our customers in the face of unprecedented
change and challenges. I could not be more proud of the team. To date, over 1,500 stores are open in
North America, almost doubling our previously announced plan to reopen 800 by the end of May. Our
team's ability to pivot quickly and lean into our strong online business resulted in an encouraging 40%
online sales growth in April. While net sales and store sales continued to reflect material decline in May
due to the store closures and demand shock, we saw over 100% growth in online sales during this past
month of May.

It's still early days, but we're encouraged by the trends we're seeing, specifically the strong recovery
at Old Navy, America's second largest apparel brand. We attribute this to Old Navy's advantaged value
proposition for the entire family and strength in relevant categories such as active, fleet and denim. We're
now operating over 2,100 stores and mini-fulfillment hubs to ship from store and over 500 stores at
curbside pickup locations, a capability we launched during the COVID crisis. We have welcomed tens of
thousands of our employees back to work and expect to have the vast majority of our North American
stores opened by the end of June.

As COVID-19 has accelerated the shift in consumer behavior, we're playing to our strengths. First, starting
with our trusted brands. In this time of crisis, brands matter. Customers want to spend their hard-
earned money on brands and products they trust and not risk a bad customer experience with one that's
unfamiliar. We don't talk about this enough, but Gap base has 3 multibillion-dollar brands in Old Navy,
Gap and Banana Republic who have led us closely on the horizon; and Old Navy, Banana Republic and
Gap brands ranked among only 9 specialty brands that exceed $2 billion in sales in the U.S. Our brands
are among the most well-known and trusted in retail apparel with Old Navy, Banana Republic and Gap all
exceeding 75% brand awareness.

And there are numerous examples, particularly during this pandemic, of how that mattered and how this
is true. Old Navy provides access to critical categories and much-needed levity in the crisis with digital
sunshine as a unique asset in its social and web marketing, resulting in meaningful online acceleration.
Athleta achieved all-time high engagement metrics through wondrous storytelling and virtual community
activation with a focus on at-home workouts and cozy product content.

Banana Republic served up styling sessions on its digital channel, offering customers new ways to wear
their favorite styles while working from home. And Gap launched Gap Teen with positive results. This
brand-new, highly edited and sustainably designed assortment is the first new age segment to the brand
since 1990. Simply put, as the largest U.S. specialty clothing company is measured by revenue, each of
our brands has a unique opportunity to meet customers' needs now and as we reopen the stores. Our
brands matter.

Second, our direct customer relationships. Our brands are leveraging their direct connection with 60
million customers to make customer feel decisions and deliver must-have products with attributes that
matter most to them. We're in daily communication with our customers about how we're taking care of
our teams and communities, and we're providing clarity and confidence in the shopping experience they're
returning to, however they choose to safely interact with us. Importantly, our stores remain integral to the
experience we offer. With approximately 70% of our stores located in strips, outlet and off-mall real estate
locations, we expect customers to gravitate towards these locations as they consider health and safety, an
opportunity for us going forward.

Third, our expansive e-commerce business and omni capabilities. During the widespread shelter-in-place
orders, we leaned on the strength of our online presence, which is the second largest apparel e-commerce
site in North America at $4 billion in annual revenue pre-COVID. During the crisis, we've doubled the way
customers can shop with us by expanding our Buy Online Pickup in Store capabilities to include curbside
pickup as well as a new virtual concierge that Athleta has begun testing, offering customers the chance to
have one-on-one interaction with a store associate in the comfort of their own home.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Before the pandemic hit the U.S., 25% of sales came from e-commerce. We've seen a meaningful
acceleration online as customers choose our suite of omni capabilities as a preferred way to shop. The
interaction between stores and online continues to grow. During the quarter, we saw a 40% increase in
customers migrating from retail-only to multichannel versus last year, and we all know how valuable the
multichannel customer is.

Fourth, product that is relevant and resilient. The catalyzation of American style particularly accelerated
during COVID and has played to our products' strengths. With our [ scale ], active and lounge business,
which generated $2.7 billion of sales last year and the kids and baby business at nearly $4 billion, Gap
stays as a leader in branded children's apparel, a staple-like category that is largely insulated from
volatility in retail. In Q1, we saw a disproportionate sales coming from active, fleet, sleep and kids and
baby categories.

Fifth, our advantaged supply chain and agile operations. Our expansive supply chain and deep
relationships with suppliers enabled us to effect well over $2 billion of inventory purchases as we looked
to quickly match our inventory supply with uncertain demand outlook. Our supply chain responsive
capabilities, particularly developed at Old Navy, will help us chase into the recovery we hope to see as
stores open and as the customer demand becomes served.

We were also able to deliver millions of PPE to frontline health care workers when they needed it the most
at the early onset of the virus as well as to charity organizations like the Boys & Girls Clubs of America.
We've since pivoted factory capacity and excess fabric to produce millions of more washable fabric masks
for customers. In May, we sold more than 3 million masks on preorder across our brands. We completed
the expansion of our Ohio distribution center, work that began in 2019. The new facility is designed to be
the company's highest-capacity fulfillment facility with innovative automation and robotics. This launch
was virtuously tied as we expect online penetration to continue to climb, and this provides capacity with
improved labor productivity.

And lastly, and certainly not least, our competitive teams that lead with our value. Our brands and teams
are a force for good as we relentlessly strive to better serve our customers' communities and to set the
gold standard for safe shopping in this current environment. We have seen many examples of our brands
acting as a force for good over the past 10 weeks, starting with a small cross-functional team that, with
audacity, chased into mass production to deliver PPE to frontline health care workers and our customers
to our dedicated store teams who have weathered through the highs and lows with us and has served
in the rapid, responsible reopening of our stores, demonstrating tremendous care for our customers and
each other. We've donated over $50 million of new clothing to needy American families via Old Navy
and to help underprivileged get back to work via Banana Republic. And most recently, our brands came
together to donate more than $0.25 million to the NAACP and Embrace Grace organization to stand with
our customers and employees in the fight against racial injustice.

I want to take this moment to thank the teams that are listening. This Gap Inc. community of employees
has just risen to the challenge, [ witnessed the occasion of Leading with Heart ]. A very big thank you
from me to all of you who are listening. Really, it was a massive team effort.

As much as we expected to drive value for strength, our future success is dependent on addressing areas
of significant opportunity, for example, in our specialty brands where past performance has not met
expectations. We believe each brand must earn its right for investment and are focused on doing this
through 2 key actions. For our brands to break through the noise in the marketplace, we must be resolute
about delivering brand clarity, quality, product and consistent execution with every expression. Frankly, we
have not done this well with Gap or Banana Republic. Creative confidence is something we are focused on
promotion.

We will also continue the rationalization of our fleet as well as identifying asset-light ways to amplify and
expand the reach of our brands. And we've made progress in just a few short months even amidst --
amongst the crisis. Some examples: we began the systemic change for structure for success. To begin,
we actioned a 15% headcount reduction across the company, indexing towards Gap brand with a 25%
reduction. This is the first step in driving an organization focused on value creation through profitable
growth. We are acutely focused on delivering consistent on-brand product and marketing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

We believe the Gap brand is better than recent business results. During the crisis, Gap has benefited
from its high brand awareness and deep emotional customer connection. However, years of inconsistent
execution have depleted brand health, which we're actively working to correct by defining clear brand
positioning and product filters that translate to a narrower and deeper assortment that delivers to the
customer.

At Banana Republic, the leadership team is taking aggressive actions to adjust its product, operating a
pivot in the brand positioning to address the evolving customer needs. In this crisis, with the unforeseen
shift to consumers working from home, Banana Republic was disadvantaged in its product mix as
customers opted for casual style. Banana Republic work wear categories such as [ soothing ] and dresses
underperformed, which coincided with less available inventory at casual categories like skirts and shorts.
This affected online demand, resulting in less benefit than our other brands.

With respect to extending the power of our brands, we recently announced a licensing deal with IMG,
allowing us to increase consumer access to Gap, Banana Republic and Janie and Jack through brand
partnership and collaboration, including global opportunities with kids and baby gear, furniture, home
textile and decor. This is a great example of an asset-light, capital-light opportunity that delivers value for
the customer and plays to the power of our brands. Additionally, we believe we can further amplify our
brands. We're optimistic about the opportunity for creative partnerships to increase Gap's relevance and
tapping to the cultural zeitgeist.

Lastly, we remain committed to our prior fleet rationalization targets as our goal is to operate a smaller,
healthier Gap brand positioned to compete. Katrina will share more on how we're thinking about this
as well as the important progress we've made in strategically reevaluating our real estate and rent
structures.

So with that, I'm going to pass it off to Katrina to provide details on our financial performance for the
quarter. And I'll then come back to share additional thoughts on how we're looking at Q2. Katrina?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Sonia, and good afternoon, everyone. As Sonia mentioned, while the first 2 months as
CFO have certainly been unique, I've been both impressed and energized by how the organization has
responded to this unprecedented crisis. I'd like to echo Sonia in thanking our teams for their tremendous
work and unwavering dedication to operating the business during an extraordinarily challenging period.
It's at a time like this that I'm truly grateful to be a part of an organization like Gap Inc.

As we continue to build towards our longer-term growth opportunities, our near-term priorities in
navigating the crisis are clear: first, strengthening our financial foundation to ensure sufficient liquidity
and financial flexibility to navigate the evolving landscape and emerge positioned to gain share; second,
leveraging our distinct competitive advantages, a collection of billion-dollar-plus brands, a highly engaged
customer base, a nimble supply chain and an advantaged omni-channel platform; and third, thoughtfully
preparing for the future as we will emerge one of the winners by pursuing a balanced approach to driving
profitable growth by investing in capabilities that amplify our advantages while streamlining our operations
and repositioning our fleet.

As the crisis hit, we pivoted to the first and most important priority: preserving cash and accessing
liquidity to provide us the flexibility to navigate our worst-case scenario for this tumultuous year. In
response, we did the following: we deferred our previously declared first quarter dividend; suspended
dividends and share repurchases for the remainder of the fiscal year; cut capital expenditures in half to
recession-level lows; furloughed a majority of store employees; implemented temporary executive and
Board pay cuts; reduced expenses across all aspects of the organization, including a 15% headcount
reduction; worked with our vendors to move from 45-day to 60- to 90-day payment terms; developed
detailed inventory plans, including tightening purchases to demand and utilization of pack-and-hold
inventory to preserve margin; suspended rent payments; and raised capital through the issuance of 2 -- of
new $2.25 billion senior secured notes and secured a new nearly $1.9 billion asset-backed revolving credit
facility to replace our prior unsecured revolving credit facility.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Of note, the new debt issuance will be partially used to redeem our existing $1.25 billion notes that were
due in 2021. We also paid off the $500 million drawn on our prior revolving credit facility and have not
made any draws under the new ABL facility.

It was an incredible amount of work done in a very short period and a real display of commitment by
the Gap Inc. team. Taking these actions put Gap Inc. in a strong financial position and will improve the
structural economics of the business.

With this behind us, Gap Inc. is in a position to pivot to our second and third priorities, leveraging our
competitive advantages and accelerating initiatives to improve profitability, namely: reopening our stores
quickly but safely; driving outsized sales growth in our strong online channel, especially leveraging new
omni capabilities that the customer is asking for, such as Buy Online Pickup in Store and curbside pickup;
renegotiating our existing leases while simultaneously optimizing our fleet with emphasis on Gap brand
and Banana Republic; and maintaining inventory flexibility and responsiveness as we navigate through an
uncertain retail environment. I'll touch on each of these as I review first quarter business performance.

The temporary closure of all of our North American stores midway through the quarter, combined with
slow global sales as our international operations reopened, catastrophically impacted nearly every area of
our financials from sales to margins, including 2 significant noncash impairments taken for inventory and
certain store assets.

Let me start with sales, which declined 43% in the quarter, as the impact of store closures midway
through the quarter led to store sales declines of 61%, which overshadowed the 13% growth in our
online business. As a reminder, online represented approximately 25% of the company's sales last year.
Beginning in April, our online growth sequentially improved week over week. We delivered 40% online
sales growth in April, followed by over 100% growth in online in May.

First quarter gross margin was 12.7%, down 23.6 percentage points compared to last year. Merchandise
margin accounted for more than half of the overall decline and was down 13.7 percentage points, primarily
driven by a $235 million inventory impairment charge in the quarter or about 11 percentage points of
deleverage. The remaining merchandise margin deleverage was primarily related to increased promotional
activity across all brands.

Rent and occupancy deleveraged 9.9 percentage points driven by a decrease in net sales, largely due to
store closures as a result of COVID-19. It's also worth noting that while we suspended rent payments
beginning in April, for accounting purposes, we have accrued our full rent expense, which is reflected in
the first quarter's gross margin results.

Let me address both, starting with inventory. Inventory is the foundation of our business. We need the
right items in the right locations to support demand or we will not win in the market, but we need to
plan much tighter inventory levels to protect margin. My bias is to operate leaner than we have been and
leverage our responsive capabilities to meet demand as it becomes clearer.

In Q1, we took 3 primary actions to address excess inventory. One was the write-down I just mentioned.
This inventory was primarily spring inventories that were trapped in closed doors and are now seasonally
irrelevant. We were pleased to donate a portion of this inventory to charities in need at the time. Another
was an expanded effort to leverage ship-from-store and Buy Online Pickup in Store capabilities to meet
demand even when stores were closed. This helped to serve a strong online demand while also clearing
stores' inventory that was trapped during closures. And third, we implemented a flexible pack-and-hold
inventory approach whereby summer, feel like summer and fall inventory that we will be unable to sell due
to store closures and potentially lower demand will be held until next year's selling season.

While there is a cost to storing this product, the economics are more advantaged than flowing the goods
into what is likely to be a highly promotional environment. Taking this into account, our quarter-end
inventory balance was down 1% year-over-year. Looking forward, depending on demand, pack-and-hold
inventory will remain in our reported inventory numbers until the same time next year. While our reported
inventory levels will fluctuate throughout the year, our underlying inventory levels, excluding pack-and-
hold, are expected to be down for the remainder of the year with Q2 down low to mid-single digits.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

With regards to rent, as I noted upfront, beginning in April, we suspended rent payments for the period
stores were closed. However, for accounting purposes, we have accrued the full amount of Q1 rent
expense. So the expense continued to impact gross margin even though cash payment was not made. We
are in active and ongoing negotiations with our landlords to work through this crisis together. We value
these relationships and are committed to finding mutually agreeable solutions that will enable both of us
to benefit from an aligned strategic plan.

If we are successful in reaching a resolution with our landlords to abate a portion or all of the suspended
rent, this could result in a benefit to gross margin in a future quarter as we reverse some or all of the rent
expense accrual. It may also require a cash outlay for any agreed-upon rent that is currently suspended.

From a strategic standpoint, we consider a well-positioned and productive store at a fair rent to be a
huge asset, supporting brand awareness and relevance and playing an important part in our customers'
shopping journey. Although online consumer spending is advancing rapidly, that customer preference is
enhanced by store locations, which can support ship-from-store and Buy Online Pickup in Store options.
We believe a robust suite of omni-channel tools, including curbside pickup will enable us to leverage our
fleet and e-commerce site to best serve our customers' desire for convenience.

That said, while our economics in our Old Navy and Athleta fleets are strong, our specialty store fleet has
not been as profitable as we need it to be. So we're seeking rent concessions for those stores that are well
positioned but cannot support the current rent structures and prioritizing closing those stores that simply
have no role in our fleet portfolio, with the majority being in Gap brand. In short, our specialty store
closure plans remain on track. We also will continue to consider new store openings largely for Athleta and
Old Navy. Of course, we'll do that quite thoughtfully and after considering the change in market conditions
that result from the crisis.

Turning to SG&A. SG&A in the quarter was $1.5 billion or 71.8% of sales. The vast majority of the increase
was due to the $484 million noncash impairment charge related to our stores, reducing the carrying
amount of the store assets and the corresponding operating lease assets to their fair value. Of note, with
this write-down, we do expect a benefit to gross margin from lower depreciation and amortization expense
of approximately $60 million in fiscal 2020 and approximately $80 million on an annualized basis.

During the quarter, we also recorded a $35 million charge primarily related to our previously announced
corporate headquarter reductions as part of our commitment to creating a more efficient and streamlined
operating structure. Looking ahead, we expect net savings of approximately $180 million for fiscal 2020
and approximately $240 million on an annualized basis from these actions. Year-over-year, SG&A changes
also reflected lower store operating costs due to closures. Looking forward, store operating costs, as you
would expect, will continue to rise as our stores reopen. In addition, the operating cost of each store will
be higher due to safe shopping protocols being implemented across the fleet.

Looking at cash flow, there were 2 notable items. First, we deferred our previously declared first quarter
dividend and suspended dividend and share repurchases for the remainder of the fiscal year, resulting
in no cash outflows in the quarter. Second, capital expenditures were $122 million during the quarter.
As previously disclosed, we've reduced planned capital spend by about half to $300 million. Most of the
reduction comes from investment in stores with an eye towards a minimum level of capital necessary
to operate the business. Of the remaining capital spending in fiscal year 2020, the majority is oriented
toward technology and supply chain investments that support changing customer shopping habits,
including the expansion of our Ohio distribution center, critical work that began last year to double the
capacity supporting e-commerce demand, a valuable benefit with the dramatic rise in online shopping.

So let me return to cash and liquidity and start with a reminder. Fundamentally, Gap Inc. is a strong cash
flow generator with over 10 consecutive years of at least $1 billion of operating cash flow. Following 6
weeks of nearly full fleet store closures as well as the benefit of a $500 million draw under our revolver,
we ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash, a decrease of $600 million from fiscal year-end.

While the reduction in cash in the first quarter is significant, it's important to recognize 2 key factors
beyond the reduction in sales caused by the pandemic. The first is seasonality. Q1 and Q3 are traditionally
smaller quarters from a sales and cash generation standpoint, with Q1 following the holiday season.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Second, several of the actions we took, including expense and headcount reductions, payment term
renegotiations were only implemented midway through the quarter. For both of these reasons, normal
seasonality and the timing of execution, our cash burn in the quarter appeared outsized. As stores begin
to reopen in Q2 and as our expense, capital and inventory actions begin to take effect, we expect to see
our cash burn slow meaningfully in the second quarter.

Looking to the back half of the year, we expect to see continued benefits from our capital expense actions.
Additionally, as traffic continues to recover, we would expect sales trends to improve sequentially as we
move throughout the year. Further, we have dramatically reduced our inventory purchases in the back half
as we were just placing small orders as the crisis escalated. I'd also like to note the traditional seasonal
pattern of cash flow, particularly as it relates to the build of inventory in Q3 for holidays. Although our new
ABL facility is currently undrawn, it does provide flexibility to support operating liquidity and leave Gap
Inc. with ample liquidity to execute its plans.

Now turning to the remainder of the year. Given the current macro volatility and uncertainty, we're not
providing an outlook on the year at this time. That said, I do think it's helpful to provide our general view
on some important factors impacting our business that we're closely monitoring. With the reopening of
stores, many items impacting Q1 will be meaningfully improved, specifically sales, operating leverage
and the expected absence of impairments of the magnitude seen in the first quarter, especially related
to inventory. While we expect total net sales to remain lower year-over-year, we expect sequential
improvement from Q1 trends with continued improvement as we move through the year.

With regard to North America store openings in May, while results have varied by brand and location,
we're pleased with reopened stores already generating sales at nearly 70% of their performance last year,
with particular strength at Old Navy where our customer base is strong and our store fleet is advantaged
given its off-mall positioning. Online is expected to continue to grow strongly, with some lumpiness, as
customers adjust back to having an in-store option.

Additional factors we're monitoring include customers' willingness to resume shopping in store; pent-
up demand; recessionary impact from the pandemic once the benefit of stimulus money dissipates; the
success of recent new items, in particular, masks; and other distressed retailers who are aggressively
trying to liquidate inventory. While it's unknown whether another wave of COVID-19 will hit later in the
year, we are modeling and preparing for it if it occurs.

Gross and operating margins should be higher sequentially as we move through the year but still impacted
by lower year-over-year sales and higher cost-to-serve expenses for both online shipping and in-store
safety measures. Of note, we expect fulfillment costs to be elevated in the second quarter driven by 2
important factors: first, with a subset of our stores still closed, online sales growth is expected to be
outsized; and second, we continue to fulfill a meaningful portion of online demand through our stores,
which is generally a more expensive fulfillment option. As we look to the back half, we expect to largely
mitigate these acute near-term pressures as our stores reopen and we rightsize inventory against demand
in our online channel. With regard to expenses, we remain committed to prudently managing expenses,
particularly in light of the current environment.

Hopefully, that color on key business attributes will be helpful as you model the remainder of the year.

Before turning it back to Sonia, I want to emphasize that while we are clear on our near-term priorities
that will enable Gap Inc. to weather the crisis, we also remain committed to building towards our
future. The unprecedented disruption experienced in the retail sector presents a very acute and unique
opportunity. While everyone is adapting to a rapidly changing environment, we intend to lean into and
apply our strategic advantages in order to gain customer loyalty and market share over time. As we
continue to navigate the rapidly evolving marketplace, we remain steadfast in ensuring sufficient liquidity
and financial flexibility to navigate the ever-changing landscape and emerge positioned to gain share
as well as amplifying our distinct advantages and scale to capture demand as it recovers, inclusive of
share growth opportunities where our brands have an authority to win, and continuing execution of our
initiatives to drive profitable growth through streamlining our operating model and fleet optimization.

With that, I'll turn it back over to Sonia for a few closing remarks.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you, Katrina. So you've heard from both of us, and you know that we are focused on refashioning
this company for growth, as we know that the retail landscape is changing rapidly and will undoubtedly
look different in the future from the competitive set to how customers shop for us with our products and
engage with our brands.

This is a really unique moment. The industry and everything is changing, and we intend to lead that
change by being a progressive leader in this transformation. We will do this by deeply listening to our
customers and working alongside our partners and other industry leaders to set the course for the next
50 years on the back of our last 50 years as a strong and growing company. We believe our brands will be
well poised to take share based on momentum we're seeing. With stores reopening and a sustained online
acceleration, coupled with our dominant market position in growing categories, I'm excited by Gap Inc.'s
ability to win.
And so with that, we will open it up to Q&A.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Dana Telsey of Telsey Group.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Hope everyone is safe and healthy. As you think about the complexion of the business on the margin side
and the attributes going into it, whether it's rent, whether it's wages, what kind of differential do you need
going forward in order to operate the business smaller and stronger? And what are you looking for on
rents besides abatements? Is there cotenancies? Or what do you think the occupancy structure needs to
be?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Dana. It's Katrina. And I appreciate you asking the question. As we think about rents, I think,
as I said in my remarks, we still believe that a small, healthy fleet with good rent economics is incredibly
important to our business model as we look to maximize both our strongly located fleet combined with our
strong omni-channel and e-commerce -- our omni-channel capabilities and e-commerce platform. That
said, we do have some stores that need to be renegotiated from a rent structure standpoint.

And so that's where we are today, is using this unique opportunity to go back in and leverage, as you
say, whether it's cotenancy, abilities to renegotiate lease terms or whether it's just partnering with our
landlords in this acute time to try and get some rent relief in our long-term structure so that we end up
with a portfolio of stores that we think meet our profitability objectives. We haven't put a number out
there. We're deep in those negotiations right now. But we do look forward to emerging from this with a
profitable fleet that we think well complements our online business.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Let me just add to that, too, Katrina. We're pleased with the progress we've made with hundreds of
landlords as we're reopening across the country as the right progressive partners are recognizing as we
do that the world has changed. And that means that our customers have changed. And so we want to
create initially beneficial win-win structures with our rents, and that's what we're seeing happen with our
partners, which is quite good.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Got it. Just a quick follow-up on inventory. As you think about inventory by brand or by channel and the
pack-and-hold that you have, how much of it is pack-and-hold? And have you ever had pack-and-hold
levels like this before?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

So we're not quantifying the pack-and-hold. I will say we've not had levels of pack-and-hold like this
before. We feel quite good that the pack-and-hold consists of either ongoing basics or summer product
that was not ever delivered to stores that we can keep on hand that we can either access it to deliver to
stores or we can hold it and assort it into next year. And so I think we feel quite good about the pack-and-
hold. I'm not sure, Dana, if you can remind me the balance of your question.

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

In terms of the inventory levels, how you think about inventories throughout the year? And does it differ
by brand? Is Gap the brand that's the most over-inventoried as you'd like -- from what you'd like to see?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

No, I wouldn't say that at all. I think all the brands have been very prudent in managing their inventory.
And we've taken care of the spring inventory glut that we had through the inventory impairment that we
told you about today. And we feel quite good as we think about inventory for the back half. As we -- as
the crisis hit, we were able to impact our back half inventory levels to lower demand, and we're using our
responsive capabilities to chase into the categories that are working and the brands that are working. And
fundamentally, as we've said, we're seeing good traction, particularly at Old Navy where we have lots of
flexibility to get back into demand.

Operator

And we'll go next to Mark Altschwager of Baird.

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

So clearly, a lot of important items on the agenda right now, and I have to imagine certain items on your
transformation agenda were put on hold during the crisis, while others, perhaps like store closures, were
maybe accelerated. So my question is, what do you think is a reasonable time line to get from where
the business is today to the optimal operating structure and store footprint of the future? Sonia, I think
you talked about refashioning the company. I guess the question is, do you think the company could be
refashioned by 2021? Or is this more likely a 2022 story?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Mark, it's a good question, then I'll let Sonia add anything. We're not yet guiding to what we think
the exit rate on store closures will look like, but we still do feel like we will make good progress similar to
the progress we had put out at the beginning of the year as far as Gap rent closures. So that work is all
largely on track. That said, because of the current environment, we're actually using this opportunity to
talk through really virtually almost every property and lease with every landlord to see if we can get after
-- whether it's rent, the lease term or whether we would actually just close the stores. So we're just knee-
deep with all the landlords today. It's very hard to say how long it will take, but do know that it is -- one
of our primary objectives is to use this opportunity to partner with our landlords to come out with a better
profitability for the company.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. Let me just add some thoughts on that. Thanks, Katrina. One of the things, as we studied past crises,
and we have done that deeply, the most important thing on strategy is not to set the strategy too early.
It's to stay flexible and to very clearly and acutely listen to what's happening, what our customers are
doing. And that's what we're intending -- that's where we intend to operate right now. What we know
is our omni capabilities, stores, online working together is critical for us, and we know that we will be
invested in that capability holistically, that ecosystem around the customer as that fuels our powerful
brands. And 60 million customers and growing, with growing frequency, it's an enviable customer file that
we intend to capitalize on.

Those are really the top 3 assets we see: our powerful brands, our customer file and our omni capabilities.
Those 3 together, enabled through our lean operations and our values, which values matter today more
than ever, are going to be the elements that shape and refashion this company. How that plays out, I don't
know that we're ever done on that front, it's an evolution, it's a daily work to move towards those aspects.

Mark R. Altschwager
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

That's helpful. And if I could just ask a quick follow-up on digital. It looks like trends accelerated nicely
in April and into May. Just any color on the various drivers there, whether it's pent-up demand, stimulus
or some of the markdown activity? And what do you think is a reasonable expectation for kind of a
normalized digital run rate in the months ahead?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Listen, I think that if we could all [ create ] the customer, it would be a great thing. But what I will say
is that we -- as soon as we turned our shift from store and we started to fully activate and lean into our
online business, you saw sequential week-over-week, month-over-month growth. And how that normalizes
as our stores fully open is something we're actively looking at. We do expect, being such a large e-com
business, $4 billion last year, and that's significantly growing, that gives us advantage in share of voice out
there in the marketplace against smaller players that we fully intend to capitalize on.

Operator

And we'll hear next from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Maybe to dig a little deeper into recent trends, what level of productivity are your Old Navy stores, in
particular, reopening at relative to that 70% total company metric that you gave? And then maybe just on
the 100% e-commerce growth in May, what are you seeing at Old Navy and Athleta relative to the Gap
brand?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Those are great questions. So as it relates to productivity, I think it's fair to say that Old Navy, given
the strength of the brand as well as the fact that Old Navy is positioned in off-mall locations where the
customer is likely more confident shopping as well as the curbside pickup capability is easier to activate,
we're seeing a meaningfully better trend in productivity at our Old Navy stores. As you can imagine, stores
that are in malls are harder to get people to shop at. And so you would imagine that maybe Gap and
Banana are lower productivity, that averages out at that 70% -- about 70% mark that we're at today.

But it's early days. We are just in the process of reopening. We're pleased to be at 1,600 stores today
open, but that's 55% of our fleet, and so we have ways to go. And then as it relates to online, I would say,
similarly, whether it's Old Navy who has the advantage of being a family brand servicing kids and baby as
well as in the value space, you can imagine that seeing strong trends; and then Athleta with strong brand
health and the athleisure trends being so strong is also seeing great performance. But I think we're also
pleased that we -- Sonia can potentially talk about it, we made some changes at Gap brand, and we are
seeing some meaningful improvement in our Gap brand online business as well.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Yes. No, Gap brand's online strength has built, and we're quite happy with it. We don't break it out
separately, but we're quite happy with it for May. And as you know, Gap has been a challenge for us,
and we're focused on 5 elements there, really. The first is leveraging our online growth. The second is
store fleet rationalization. The third is rightsizing our resources with the 25% headcount reduction I
mentioned. The fourth is new products and segments like Gap Teen. And the fifth is cost-effective or
asset-light opportunities like the IMG licensing. We think this, coupled with proven leaders in place in
design, merchandising and online, are going to fuel this business as we rightsize it and build it for health.

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Great. And then maybe just to follow up on gross margin. What are you seeing broadly from a pricing and
promotion standpoint on reopening in the mall, maybe just how best to think about markdowns in the
second quarter versus back half of the year as you see it right now?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, interestingly, it seems as though -- I don't know, but it feels like a lot of people got many of
the inventory issues behind them. And so while there will be promotions in the second quarter, I'm not
sure that they will be meaningfully different than the first quarter. I think the commentary we put into
our script was just to ensure that the fact that we're growing our online business so high in the second
quarter but that the inventory is being serviced from stores, we did nod to the fact that we do have an
unusual amount of fulfillment costs to consider. But beyond that, from a promotional environment, largely
the same, likely.

Operator

And we'll hear next from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I wanted to just follow up on the productivity of stores as they're reopening. Are you seeing any
geographical variance as you're opening in terms of the productivity of the new stores across the United
States? Are you seeing any sort of differences? And then maybe if you could talk about globally, what
you're seeing, that would be helpful as well.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

We've seen -- in terms of global, since the pandemic hit China first, that we've seen a nice recovery in our
China business month-over-month, and the omni business there now is really pivoting towards managing
in a more normalized fashion as we look into Q2, which is nice to see. As Japan's reopened, we've seen a
better-than-expected rebound in our store's demand, the pent-up demand. And then as our stores opened
across the U.S., it really is a factor of a combination of a few things. One is real estate type. The second is
weather. The third is consumer sentiment as it relates to safety. And so we've seen some, early on, good
performance in the south, in the west with the weather signaling the need for summer clothing, the east
and the northeast, in particular, is a little bit lagging. And yes, we expect that as those stores open up and
as the consumer wants a seasonal shift and as kids grow and need clothes, all that's going to play out.

Kimberly Conroy Greenberger
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Great. And I just wanted to follow up, Sonia, with your -- the sort of vision you laid out with regard to the
responsive capabilities that you have built and continue to build in your supply chain. And I wanted to ask,
if you could sort of wave a magic wand and get to your destination on how much inventory you would be
ordering upfront on more standard kind of lead times versus what percentage of inventory you ultimately
expect to be able to use that responsive capability for, is it like a 70-30 split? Or if you could just help us
understand what the end goal looks like and then where are you now, what's sort of that split now?

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Thank you for the question. The inventory is a complicated space right now, especially as we try to match
supply and -demand across our multiple brands. But what I will say is this: we have really leaned into
accelerating our responsive expectations in each of our products -- in each of our brands and moving as
fast as we can to -- faster and more quicker order placements so that we are agile in matching those 2 in
terms of matching supply and demand. And as quickly as we went after masks, it's a great example of our
fast and responsive supply chain across all of our brands, when we saw that as both a need for health care
workers and as a customer need, we activated our responsive supply chain very, very quickly. So I think

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

we are pleased with the acceleration that we're seeing. As far as the end state, like I said earlier, I'm not
sure there is an end state. We want faster and faster and more and more responsive, and that's what we'll
be aiming for.

Operator

And we will go next to Jay Sole with UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So my question is, as the consumer gets acclimated to all the great deals that they're seeing out there,
how do you think fiscal '21 will look in terms of your ability to return to the normal pricing that you're used
to and get the gross margin back, specifically the merchandise margin, back to where it was in fiscal '19?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Jay. I mean I think as Sonia said, we believe we have a lot of assets as they relate to strong
brands, as it relates to a very strong and growing customer base that we intend to speak to not through
pricing and promotion as much as through experience, brand stories, loyalty, the other things we have in
our arsenal to be able to drive our business.

And so I don't think we're as concerned about the long-term promotional aspect of the business and
expect that -- it seems like, so far, the consumer is snapping back fairly quickly. And so really, our role is
in continuing to drive healthy brands with great capabilities and the appropriate ways to be speaking to
that consumer about why to shop with us more frequently as we look to drive lifetime value with those
customers. So I don't think we're as concerned about the promotional environment, but we'll see how it
plays out.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Got it. And then maybe can you also just talk about SG&A in the second quarter? Because in the first
quarter, you called out to $484 million. If we take that out, plus the actions that you took, you've already
talked about it quite a bit. Can you just give us a color -- give us an idea of how much SG&A will be down
in Q2 relative to where it was ex the onetime items in Q1?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So we're not quantifying that. I think in the speech, we tried to give you some of the puts and takes,
right? We've made some pretty meaningful decisions around headquarters reductions, and we quantified
that for you. We also are closely monitoring marketing but we haven't quantified. We've been pivoting our
marketing expense from store traffic driving marketing into digital marketing. And so we've been cutting
as appropriate but also ensuring that we're driving our digital channels, so we're watching that prudently.
And certainly, by brand, it will differ but we're looking at marketing closely.

And then the other big line item is store expenses. And as we reopen stores, we will see expenses coming
back into the business. And as we said, those are likely to be a little higher. We are all being very careful
about metering and extra people at the doors and in the fitting rooms. And in fact, we're getting great
customer response from them feeling safe shopping in our stores, but that will result in higher operating
expenses. So there's lots of puts and takes, and we'll see how the quarter plays out. But what we have
said sort of more broadly is we understand in this uncertain time that we are committed to really watching
every dollar of SG&A to ensure that we are prudently investing in growth but also being careful as we
watch the uncertain environment play out.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

And I would just add that one of the things we did -- one of the things I did in terms of organizational
structure, as I stepped into the role the first week, in fact, is we structured the leadership team and the
priorities against some of these priorities that I've talked about, powerful brands, focus on customer and
omni capabilities and then the lean and mean operations that are going to be essential to continuously
managing down SG&A. So we have consolidated many of our large operations to -- and stood up a value
office in order to continuously improve on the SG&A front. And while the quarter is likely lucky, we're
setting a new standard and expectation around SG&A as we move forward with this company.

Operator

And we'll hear next from Paul Lejuez of Citi.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Curious if you could talk about Gap and Banana and the stores that have been reopened. Any big
differences that you're seeing between outlets and closed malls, street locations? Also one follow-up on
the pack-and-hold, is that across brands? Just curious if that's kind of in proportion with the percent of
sales that each brand represents. Sorry if I missed that. And then just curious on the $484 million charge,
how many stores did that touch?

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Paul. So as it relates to the store reopenings for Gap and Banana Republic, as you can imagine,
similar to the Old Navy discussion, the outlet and the outdoor malls are performing better than indoor
malls. Your second question, I'm not remembering, but your third question. We haven't quantified the
number of stores that are related to the store asset impairment. So it's just the number that we've given
you, not the number of stores.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Yes. The second question was pack-and-hold across brands.

Katrina O'Connell
Executive VP & CFO

Okay. Yes, sorry. And so as it relates to pack-and-hold, it's different by brand, it's not proportional to
brand. And honestly, it's just -- it's hard to quantify by brand because it's sort of moving around. As
you can imagine, as demand unfolds, we could go use the pack-and-hold. So we haven't quantified it by
brand.

Operator

And we'll move to our next question from Kate Fitzsimons of RBC Capital Markets.

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I guess, Sonia, you had alluded to earlier, approaching, I believe, Gap brand into the back half with
more narrow and deeper assortments. Just kind of curious how you are thinking about the merchandise
strategy, ideas or flashes of newness that maybe we could potentially see into the back half, just maybe to
reengage the customer. And then just as we approach back-to-school, denim is obviously a very important
category for you guys. Just how are you thinking about the denim business, approaching that for the back
half, just given some of the category commentary we've heard here in Q1 about an emphasis on lounge
and casual, et cetera.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Yes. Thank you. So Mark Breitbard is leading the brand, hands-on, actively looking at all of those
opportunities around the merchandise direction. I know he believes that as Gap stands for modern
American optimism and focusing on the core items that the brand's all been famous for, as you say,
playing into the kids and baby business, the denim business, those essentials that are modern and
available and American and classic. Those are the aspects that will shape the assortment. The assortment
is going to get more and more focused and deeper. And so that is the strategic direction. And the specifics,
we'll follow up, and I know Mark will share more at the right time.

Kate Bridget Fitzsimons
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Great. And just on denim, just higher-level views on the category.

Sonia Syngal
CEO, President & Director

We think we're well poised to drive denim share across the company. We're one of the largest players. And
so as it relates to denim at Gap, I think that it's a very important category for the brand and will continue
to have an important role.

Operator

And that will conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll turn the call back to our presenters.

Tina Romani
Senior Director of Investor Relations

Thank you. You may disconnect.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude our conference. We would like to thank everyone for your participation.
You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE GAP, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  JUN 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

