The Williams Companies, Inc. NYSE:WMB
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 05, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.26

0.26

0.00

0.24

0.98

1.01

Revenue  (mm)

2117.16

1913.00

(9.64 %)

2035.31

7305.52

8474.96

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2020 12:50 AM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.23

0.25

0.25

0.26

0.26

0.26

0.24

0.26

13.04 %

4.00 %

(4.00 %)

0.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Brett Krieg
Assistant Director Investor
Relations

Chad J. Zamarin
Senior Vice President of Corporate
Strategic Development

Tristan James Richardson
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

John D. Chandler
Senior VP & CFO

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

ANALYSTS

Alexis Stephen Kania
Wolfe Research, LLC

Colton Westbrooke Bean
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Securities, Inc., Research Division

Gabriel Philip Moreen
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Praneeth Satish
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Shneur Z. Gershuni
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Williams' First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's
conference is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the
call over to Mr. Brett Krieg, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Brett Krieg
Assistant Director Investor Relations

Thanks, Simon. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us and for your interest in the Williams
Companies. Yesterday afternoon, we released our earnings press release and the presentation that our
President and CEO, Alan Armstrong, will speak to you momentarily. Joining us on the call today are our
Chief Operating Officer, Micheal Dunn; our CFO, John Chandler; our General Counsel, Lane Wilson; and our
Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategic Development, Chad Zamarin.

In our presentation materials, you'll find the disclaimer related to forward-looking statements. This
disclaimer is important and integral to our remarks and you should review it. Also included in our
presentation materials are non-GAAP measures that we reconcile to generally accepted accounting
principles, and these reconciliation schedules appear at the back of today's presentation materials. So with
that, I'll turn it over to Alan Armstrong.

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Great. Well, thanks, Brett, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today as we go through our
first quarter 2020 financial performance.

While the world around us has changed dramatically, some things have remained remarkably stable.
And we should not take for granted the sacrifices and dedication required to keep the most essential of
services available to us. So I'd like to start by thanking the frontline employees of Williams, who have
continued to operate our critical natural gas infrastructure during the coronavirus pandemic. We often take
our warm and well-lit homes for granted, but it took great dedication, extra effort and resourcefulness to
keep our most basic energy needs available during these disruptive times.

Thankfully, we have always maintained robust plans to ensure business continuity, and we've been able
to successfully execute on these plans while staying aligned with federal and state guidelines to keep our
employees healthy and safe. I'm glad to report we have not missed a beat, and this is a testament to the
efforts of our employees across the country.

Of course, the other big related news story that we are closely monitoring is the collapse in oil prices and
the impact this is having on our upstream customers. With that said, let's get to the business at hand and
talk about our strong 1Q 20 performance.

On Slide 1, we provided a clear view of our first quarter 2020 financial performance relative to 1Q of '19.
And as you can see, this was a really good quarter. We continue to enjoy steady growth across our key
measures despite the impact of much lower commodity margins and deferred revenue recognition step-
down. From the top of the table, you'll see we continued a long trend of year-over-year growth in cash
flow from operations. Our adjusted EBITDA also increased 4%. And while this is attractive growth, this
growth rate would be 8% if you pull back some of the noncash items related to step-downs in deferred
revenue amortization and the impact of declining prices on our carried NGL inventories.

I'll discuss the key business drivers and unique issues affecting adjusted EBITDA in more detail on the
next slide, but DCF was up an impressive 10% on a year-over-year basis. And of course, all this continues
to drive impressive growth in our per share metrics, adjusted EPS and DCF as well.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

We also were very pleased to continue growing our strong coverage ratio by 5% on top of the 5.3%
dividend growth that we established earlier this year. Our 1.78x coverage ratio means DCF exceeded
dividends paid by $376 million. Another strong data point driving our cash flow performance in the first
quarter was a 45% or nearly $200 million reduction in growth capital expenditures. Taking all of these
items into account, the strong DCF, the growth in the dividend and disciplined growth capital spending,
Williams generated real free cash flow of $144 million this quarter alone. A lot of different versions of
free cash flow out there, but this is after all of our cash expenses, the dividend and our growth capital
expenditures as well.

These financial results further reduced our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio to 4.36x for the first quarter.
As a reminder, this ratio stood at 4.8x at the end of 2018. And since then, we have moved this important
ratio nearly 75% of the way to our longer-term goal of the 4.2x leverage that we've reminded you of
several times.

We are pleased with this performance, and we have intentionally built our business to be resilient through
a variety of market cycles, and that strategy is certainly helping us navigate today's choppy waters.
Our healthy dividend coverage and strong balance sheet leading into 2020 have put us in a very stable
financial position and well positioned to navigate the changes that we are experiencing across the industry.

So let's move to Slide 2 and discuss the main business drivers of our first quarter 2020 adjusted EBITDA
results. Before we dive into the drivers for this quarter, I want to remind you that we have transitioned
our business segment disclosures to align with our internal reorganization that took effect in January. Our
transmission in Gulf of Mexico operating area now includes all of our regulated natural gas transmission
pipelines, of course, Transco, Northwest and Gulfstream and our deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets that
deliver supplies into Transco and Gulfstream. We will continue to evaluate and disclose the performance
of the Northeast G&P and West operating areas separately, but those segments are now integrated from a
senior leadership and overhead standpoint and that change allows us to improve efficiency, alignment and
cost savings across all of our onshore gathering and processing business.

So now looking at the chart on Slide 2, we compare adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter of 2020 to the
same period in 2019. I'll quickly remind you that 1Q '19 represented a great period of growth for us,
which was just following the Atlantic Sunrise startup and the associated Northeast gathering volume
growth that we said. So a nice strong comp to compare ourselves to. But before we get into the discussion
of the key business drivers, I also want to talk about some of the things that affected the EBITDA number
that I think obscured the underlying business performance.

First is the impact of the lower deferred revenue recognition in the Barnett and our Gulfstar deepwater
platform. These are both noncash items totaling $21 million and are not reflective of the ongoing cash
flow from these assets. We also saw a $24 million of impact this quarter related to decreases in inventory
values. This was due to decline in the value of NGL linefill and write-downs of NGL commodities and
storage. While NGL price exposure is clearly part of our business, these charges are driven by directional
movement of market prices. And for this sort of charge to occur -- recur, we would have to see a continual
drop in NGL prices from the already very low prices that we mark these inventories at on March 31. So
of course, this does not include the actual NGLs that we produced in the equity sales that we had in the
quarter. This was just the inventories and the repricing of inventories from our linefill, our storage and our
marketing team's inventory.

Another way of looking at this is to answer the question of what would the run rate be for the balance of
the year with identical operations and pricing that we saw in 1Q of '20. The primary adjustment would
be to add back the $24 million of inventory valuation write-downs to the $1.262 billion for the next 3
quarters, and this would provide us with an annual number above the midpoint of our guidance. To be
fair, we had very low repair and maintenance costs this quarter, and we are not assuming that continues
through the balance of the year. But I think this analysis highlights how pleased we were, and are, with
our execution here in the first quarter.

So after touching on those issues, let's dive into the key drivers. First of all, the primary drivers for the
transmission in Gulf of Mexico segment was the decrease in recognized revenues, on our deepwater Gulf
Star platform, which was coupled with the end of fixed payments on platform space. And we've reminded

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

you of that several times, that actually, that fixed payments ended May of last year. And so this is -- you'll
hear a little bit about noise on this in the second quarter, and then we'll have a normal comp, so that's
that.

Beyond this change on Gulf Star, the transmission in Gulf of Mexico was up $60 million from the first
quarter of 2019. This was driven by Transco revenue growth from the Rivervale South to Market and
Gateway expansion projects and the Northwest pipeline North Seattle project. Additionally, our first
quarter of 2020 results include increased EBITDA from the Transco rate case settlement and the benefit of
cost savings initiatives implemented in late 2019 by our operating teams there. Lastly, total deepwater gas
volumes were up 8% year-over-year, mostly from the Norphlet pipeline and Who Dat gulf east projects
that came online in the second half of 2019.

And next, in the Northeast G&P adjusted EBITDA, we saw -- we were up $58 million, and this was driven
by higher gathering, processing and liquids handling revenue. A lot of new assets put in service in the
second half of '19 that drove this, and we are providing additional services to volumes that we are already
gathering there. This, along with a relentless focus on cost containment and efficiency drove adjusted
EBITDA growth of 23% for the Northeast operating area.

Total gathered volumes consolidated and nonconsolidated grew by 4%, with the primary contributors
coming from the Marcellus South, the Ohio Valley Midstream. I'll remind you the Ohio Valley Midstream
is the Northeast JV that we have with the Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board and then the
Susquehanna Supply Hub also contributed to that growth.

This EBITDA and gathering volume performance resulted in this segment realizing $0.52 per -- of EBITDA
per gathered Mcf. So I'll remind you, that's a measure that we talked about back at our 2017 Analyst Day
when we laid out the -- our long-term aspirations for the area. And so just to remind you that range that
we talked about then was $0.50 to $0.55. So we wind up now in the middle of that range. So we're really,
really thrilled to have achieved that important measure. And I think that move from, as I recall, I think
that was around $0.36 or $0.37 back then. So a really impressive move by the team as we've been able to
continue to increase our unit -- lower our unit cost and continue to drive efficiency in that basin.

Of course, there's a number of factors that have driven that, and we are really excited, though, to have
the scale that we do have now in that area. And this is going to allow us to continue using our low-cost to
drive competitive advantages and further growth in that basin.

Moving on to West. The real story here is the steady business. Volume remains relatively flat and setting
aside the noncash Barnett issue and NGL inventory write down, the West adjusted EBITDA was down
about $13 million. The decline is mostly attributable to lower commodity margins, driven by substantially
lower NGL prices, realized on our sold equity barrels during the quarter.

So now I'm going to move on to looking at the natural gas demand picture. We talked a little bit about this
on our March 25 call. And I just wanted to update folks -- a lot of different stories out there in the markets
around natural gas demand. And so I wanted to give you the direct viewpoint that we have, as Williams,
on this.

Overall, we're seeing natural gas demand has remained strong, both broadly across the market and on our
systems. In fact, we're seeing evidence that natural gas is not only holding up nicely but even exceeding
recent historical norms. And while it's hard to predict very far into the future right now, we have seen
demand for natural gas in the U.S., including the exports to Mexico and via LNG exports remaining strong.
It's a vastly different picture than what we are seeing in crude oil demand. Demand in the continental
U.S. has generally been above the 3-year historical average in comparable weeks for natural gas. We have
strong demand in the power sector. Industrial is down slightly. [ Res, com ] has held in very well despite
mild weather. And LNG and Mexico exports have driven demand up over the prior year averages.

One thing I do want to make sure you can see in this chart on the left is that the week-over-week
behavior of demand is a seasonal impact. The sequential declines have been, we have seen in weekly
demand since January, are the normal behavior we see when we move out of cold winter month and into
the shoulder months of more temperate weather before the heat of summer starts to drive electrical

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

load due to air conditioning demand. So we only mentioned that. We know a lot of that is very obvious
to most people, but we've certainly seen a lot of headlines coming out, talking about lower natural gas
demand. And if you read through the headlines that go with that, you'll notice that a lot of that is just
normal demand associated with weather.

Looking at the right-hand side, which reflects flow data right off our gas transmission systems, we
continue to see normal behavior with deliveries generally staying within the normal range when compared
to last year. And while the EBITDA generated by our regulated gas transmission systems is not impacted
by volume fluctuations, thanks to the fully contracted capacity payments we received. We do monitor
these volumes to get a sense for demand in the markets we serve and the gathering volumes that serve
those markets as well.

As we have consistently said over the last several years, our business is driven primarily by natural
gas demand. Current and near-term future demand drives revenue on our gathering and processing
systems as the various sources of U.S. production meet this demand and long-term demand growth drives
the opportunity to expand our gas transmission system. As more and more people see the benefits of
consuming low-cost, abundant, clean natural gas, end users will continue to invest in gas consumption and
the transportation capacity they need to access this reliable energy source.

We will keep monitoring demand as we plan for the rest of this year and '21 and beyond. One thing we
are seeing right now is extremely low international prices for LNG. European gas storage is very high right
now after an even milder winter than what we experienced here in the U.S. And while this may affect
demand for U.S. gas over the summer, we see this pricing issue as cyclical and not secular. As we look
further out, we remain extremely confident in U.S. natural gas production as a low-cost supply to a world
hungry for reliable, abundant, clean energy, and in our business strategy, to provide long-term value-
based on that demand for natural gas.

So now let's turn to some of the key areas we believe investors are focused on now, and how our business
looks through the lens of some of these risks and opportunities we know our investors are trying to
assess. I'll start with the market environment we find ourselves in now. I won't dive into all of the current
and extending drivers of the oil price collapse but will lay out the distinctions between the drivers of low
natural gas price and the drivers of low oil price. Low natural gas prices have existed here for a few years
now, driven by supplies growing even faster than the growing demand we have enjoyed. The latest oil
price collapse we have seen has been primarily driven by tremendous demand destruction. When you are
in the business of moving these commodities, this distinction is everything. Confidence in abundant, clean
and low-cost natural gas supplies have driven consistent demand growth of 24% over the last 3 years,
and that growth in demand will continue.

On the other hand, lower demand from refined products ultimately means lower oil prices and lower
volumes. So what does that mean for domestic supplies? With the oil price collapse, we expect associated
gas from oil-producing basins like the Permian, Bakken, the SCOOP/STACK and Eagle Ford to decline,
and we expect gas directed basins to gain market share. As producers begin shutting in some flowing oil
production to avoid filling storage and selling their production at unacceptable prices, we'll see reductions
in associated gas accelerate. This decline will continue as the void in drilling and completions of oil wells
begins to show the underlying decline in the large number of new wells supplying the market.

At the same time, as I mentioned earlier, we see natural gas demand has remained strong, and over the
long term, we expect that strength to continue. So what does this all mean -- this rapidly changing market
environment, what does this all mean for Williams? We do expect the gas gathering we do in the oil basins
to be impacted by the oil price shock both near-term shut-ins and longer term, the impact of lower prices
for longer that will likely reduce capital available for U.S. shale oil production. The largest impact will be
reduced -- will be the reduced growth in the Permian and DJ Basins business, including the associated NGL
volumes from the DJ. In 2019, the Permian, DJ and Midcontinent basins were approximately 2% of our
EBITDA, just to keep those declines in perspective. The Eagle Ford is our single largest onshore shale oil-
facing business at 5% of our 2019 EBITDA.

We recently renegotiated the contracts with Chesapeake, our largest customer in the Eagle Ford from a
cost of service contract, with rates that vary by year as volumes vary to a fixed fee contract, which has

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

a minimum volume commitment. This contract, which was negotiated and executed in late 2019 became
effective on January 1, 2020, and it is designed to insulate us from volume fluctuations in the Eagle Ford.
It also includes language, which makes it abundantly clear that our contractual rights are linked directly to
the minerals in the ground.

Our Gulf of Mexico business is driven primarily by oil economics and is not immune to oil price risk.
However, it is uniquely positioned versus onshore oil business. The deepwater business requires a very
long-term view given the multiyear, multibillion-dollar investments required by producers to bring on very
large-scale reserves. The customer base is primarily international integrated oil companies or large-scale
independents with significant expertise in the deepwater for whom existing assets provide synergies for
future investments.

With regards to future project opportunities, our, producer, customers in the offshore business will clearly
be looking at oil prices, but it will be with a long-term vision for where prices will be in the next 3 to 4
years. Williams will be impacted in the near term by some Gulf of Mexico production shut-in from small
producers, but we do not expect that to be a significant volume. Also, remember that producers bear
significant fixed cost when operating deepwater production, most of which don't go away during a shut-
in. So therefore, we expect offshore shut-ins if they do occur to be some of the shortest duration oil
production shut-ins that we'll see here in the U.S.

Along with the dramatically lower oil and NGL prices has come well-deserved concern about our
counterparty exposure with our customers, so let's focus for a moment on our customer base and the
practical risk of not getting paid for the terms of our contracts. From our perspective, it's very important
to look beyond a simple credit rating breakdown and really look at the services being provided and the
essential nature of the assets that we utilize to serve our customers. We think about our counterparty
exposure much differently in the G&P business than we do in the gas transmission business. Counterparty
credit quality is extremely important in any long-haul business, where there are a number of different
ways to get gas to a wide variety of markets. In gas transmission, you rely heavily on the ability of your
counterparty to pay you for the capacity over a very long term that the assets were designed and built
for. We watch our gas transmission counterparty exposure carefully and have built a portfolio of contracts
dominated by demand-pull investment-grade rated counterparties, customers who need to have capacity
available to meet their peak demand rather than customers who are trying to find a market for their
gas. The gathering and processing business, due to the universe of E&P companies, include smaller, less
capitalized counterparties. These are very accomplished operators. These are the independent producers
who have led the charge in creating energy independence here in the U.S., but often with lower credit
ratings or no credit ratings at all. We do value high credit quality amongst all our counterparties and
closely monitor the credit quality of our portfolio of G&P customers, but we also mitigate the credit risk we
necessarily take on in the GMP business with scale and with wellhead or well pad connectivity.

A large-scale system that connects directly into producers' reserves is difficult to reproduce, and our
customers will honor our contracts and utilize our services even when they're in financial distress. We have
a strong track record of seeing the contracts for our wellhead gathering services survive a wide range of
corporate actions or restructuring processes, even bankruptcy and by our producing customers. In fact,
we see the real risk of gathering gas for financially distressed counterparties as a risk to growth rather
than a risk to the revenue we earn on the flowing reserve. A distressed customer will not be able to fund
the sort of drilling capital necessary to grow their production and our gathering revenues. So we hear a lot
of concerns out there about bankruptcy, but I would just tell you that the real issue for us is we've got a
lot of great acreage dedicated to us, and what we want are adequately capitalized customers being able
to drill on the great debt acreage that's dedicated to us. And that's the real impact that we see during this
financial distress.

The picture we have been painting through this discussion so far and through our financial performance
is one of stability and predictability. That stability and predictability is a bedrock on which we build
a conservative financial policy and capital allocation process that drives the return of value to our
shareholders. We pay a very attractive dividend based on our $0.40 quarterly dividend, which annualizes
to $1.60 and yesterday afternoon's close of $19.13. That $1.60 dividend offers an 8.4% yield. This very
attractive yield is well-covered, and WMB is one of the very few large infrastructure players that is also

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

more than covering its growth capital spending as well. We have been reining in our growth capital very
tightly over the last couple of years as we have been working hard to improve our balance sheet.

Many of our peers have talked about significant cuts to CapEx budgets as they are now scrambling to cut
this year. And we've already traveled much of this road, making significant cuts to our capital spending
year-over-year for the past several years. In fact, our total capital expenditures, growth in maintenance
in 2019 was $2.4 billion, which was 40% below the 2018 total capital expenditures of $4.2 billion, and
with our latest thoughts on growth and maintenance CapEx here for 2020, we are now positioned to see
another 40% reduction in total capital here for 2020.

Our stable cash flow and disciplined capital spending have driven down our leverage, maintaining a strong,
flexible balance sheet and investment-grade credit metrics is very important to us, both financially and
operationally. We believe an investment-grade credit rating keeps our cost of debt down, but also reduces
the risk of the company in the eyes of the equity investors, both current and prospective equity investors.

And while we focus mostly on the long-term positioning of the company on this slide, I do want to
reiterate our 2020 guidance ranges remain unchanged, but we do expect to come in at the lower end of
the range for adjusted EBITDA and both on growth and maintenance CapEx as well.

Regarding adjusted EBITDA coming in towards the lower end of our guidance range, we see that being
at the lower end of the range is being driven by lower-than-expected volume from the oil basins that
we talked about earlier, primarily the DJ Basin and the much lower NGL margins we are currently
experiencing. We have not assumed prolonged shut-ins in our oil basins nor have we assumed increased
dry gas drilling. We also, on the other hand, we don't assume that we will continue to enjoy the same
degree of low maintenance and repair expenses that we enjoyed in the first quarter of this year.

And so as we think about the -- here for 2020, a number of variables laying out there, as we've talked
about, one, prolonged shut ins, I would tell you, so far, we see those as fairly minimal. But we do want to
make sure you understand, we are not expecting wide-scale or prolonged shut-ins in our guidance right
now. We also, as we mentioned, don't have the uplift that we might see in the last half of the year as well.

Moving on to CapEx expectations. We've been able to reduce CapEx due to lower than budget performance
on our projects and execution as well as lower producer activity, which has reduced the need for CapEx
in a lot of our gathering operations. As a result, we now could see total capital spending come in below
the low end of our guidance range. However, as previously mentioned, we only had a very small amount
of capital in our forecast for our NESE project, since we were not going to allocate capital to the project
until we receive necessary permits. We remain confident that NESE will ultimately be approved. And if
this happens as soon as June, the other reductions mentioned will allow us to still be at the low end of our
CapEx guidance range.

So just to clarify that, we do expect we would be still at the low end of the range for CapEx if we are
fortunate enough to get NESE moving here as soon as June. On the other hand, if we don't, we actually
would come in below the current CapEx guidance range that we have out there.

In closing, we believe our business is very well positioned to benefit from continued demand growth in
natural gas over the long term, and that our strong competitive position and conservative financial model
makes us a resilient business that can deal with near-term challenges in the market while positioning us
very well for the long term and the strong growth that's ahead.
So with that, let's go ahead and transition to our Q&A session, and thank you again for joining us today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just wanted to kind of build on some of those points there, I guess, with your producer conversations.
I mean it seems like natural gas prices, further on the curve, continues to climb here. And so I'm just
wondering if you could share a bit more on what type of operating leverage you think Williams would
enjoy as gas prices improve and producer activity ticks up in response to what we've seen here?

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jeremy, thank you. We have a wide variety of rates out there in the market. And so it kind of
obviously depends on where that volume is produced. And so I think that's very dependent. The good
news is, I think as we're demonstrating in the Northeast, we've got a very strong leverage where our
cost that we've been able to really keep down even as volumes have grown. And so if we see a lot of that
growth occur in the Northeast, it's going to continue to be limited capital and limited incremental operating
costs. So pretty good operating leverage to that.

In the Haynesville, that's probably the other area that we would expect to respond here in the near term.
And the operating leverage there is pretty similar. We've got pretty low incremental operating cost, so
a lot of revenue will drop to the bottom line there. So as we've said in the past, the rates out there on
the dry gas gathering are in the $0.30 to $0.50 range. And so that's kind of what -- you can take quite a
bit of that to the bottom line in terms of volumes that we have. If we happen to see some of that come
through on rich gas or processable gas, which we are seeing right now occur in the West Virginia area,
we're seeing volumes come up pretty nicely there, we obviously get a much higher margin on that just
because we're offering additional services to that. So I would say the lower operating leverage that we
have is in the dry gas and a little bit higher operating leverage against the rich gas or the process.

Jeremy Bryan Tonet
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's helpful color. And just wanted to kind of pivot, if I could, to Regional Energy Access. It seems like
other pipes in the northeast are continuing to face challenges, getting built here. And just wondering what
you could share with regards to how that project is developing and what opportunities you see there.

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

Jeremy, this is Micheal. Regional Energy Access continues to move toward a FERC filing early summer.
We're still seeing a bit of a slowdown in the commercial execution of our final proceeding agreement that it
-- directly attributable to COVID-19 and our inability to meet directly with the customers. But we are still
executing those, and we have gained momentum on that project, and continue to. And just as a reminder,
the majority of those facilities are in Pennsylvania. And we think that's why we have a significant benefit
and opportunity to get our project permit approvals in a timely fashion. And just as a reminder there, we
only have 1 facility that we project to be outside of Pennsylvania and that's a electric-driven compressor
station in New Jersey, which we feel like don't have any permitting issues at all. So commercial activity is
still underway, but we are in the midst of preparing the prefiling documents and expect to have those in
FERC's hands this summer.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Colton Bean with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Colton Westbrooke Bean
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division

Alan, I think you just noted that you're seeing some decent trends there across the rich gas exposure in
West Virginia. Thinking about the system more broadly, can you update us on what you're seeing across
some of your more NGL-exposed areas and condensate particularly?

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Mike, do you want to take that?

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Colton, we are seeing some concerns early on in regard to condensate production, where the
producers were chasing condensate earlier this year. I think if you go back and look at the Southwestern
call that occurred a few days ago, they feel like they're not going to have any shut-ins due to any
condensate issues for the month of May. And that's obviously good for us. We're a large customer there,
they're a large customer of ours there in West Virginia. So we're pleased to see that announcement from
them. There are definitely challenges in some of the areas. The Eagle Ford certainly had some condensate
challenges there, and we are working with our customers there to find opportunities. We've had a team
working on the condensate opportunities to store condensate for customers, and we have opportunities
to be able to do that for them if they so choose to do that at our facilities around the country. And so
we've given a lot of options after our customers that they want to continue to produce and move those
condensate volumes into our potential storage opportunities for them.

On the NGL side, we aren't seeing as much pressure on the producers from a production standpoint as you
would on the condensate side. So I think we are seeing some increase. I think prices are actually moving
higher, and NGL prices are continuing to move stronger from where they were over the last several weeks.
And so we're not seeing as much pressure there as we are on the condensate side.

Colton Westbrooke Bean
Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Appreciate that. And then just on the National Grid side. So I think you all commented that you
think you could see approval there for Northeast supply as early as June. So I guess, in terms of key
hurdles to watch, what exactly is it that you guys are evaluating? And then if we weren't to see approval
by June, is the in-service potential step change into 2022 or what sort of impacts would you expect there?

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

Yes. I'll take that one as well. So the National Grid concluded their public comment meetings that went
virtual on the majority of those and had a 2-week extension in the deadline. So those concluded on May
1. And I think the resounding thing that became very clear there is that the NESE project is the only
opportunity for them to meet their long-term solutions. If you recall the settlement agreement that they
had with the state, required them to provide a long-term solution to the state by June, and that long-term
solution had to be in service by fall of 2021. And it's abundantly clear that NESE is the only opportunity to
be able to do that. The one thing I do want to mention, we watch the demand very closely across the U.S.
and we certainly watched it very closely in the New York metropolitan area for natural gas. And we've seen
virtually no impact due to the COVID-19 situation. And if you weather-normalize the demand up there, it
looks like a normal year. It's been a very warm year in January, February and March in the Northeast. April
was about normal. And so when you weather-normalize those demand picture across those 4 months, it
looks just like a normal year for gas demand. So we see no impact there. It certainly wouldn't factor into
any decisions that our customers would be making there. And you can make the argument that maybe
commercial construction possibly could slow down. But we do think from a long-term standpoint, natural
gas demand is going to be increasing in the New York metropolitan area just because of the amount of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

conversions of fuel oil still need to occur there as well as the growth in infrastructure that's being built in
New York City.

We'll also say that through this public comment process, where we're prosecuting our permits, we've seen
over 16,000 positive public comments come in to both New York and New Jersey to support our project.
There's more than 80 elected officials and community organizations that also support the NESE project,
and it made these public comments on the record. The upcoming deadline on the 401 certifications that
we have are May 16 in New York and June 5 in New Jersey. And so that's really the key markers that you
should be watching out for here.

And to answer the last part of your question, if we do not get those approvals in May and June from both
New York and New Jersey, we'll have to go back and reevaluate with our customer, what the expectation is
there. But we certainly could refile those permits as we've had in the past, and have those turned around
fairly quickly if New York and New Jersey choose to do so.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Gabe Moreen with Mizuho.

Gabriel Philip Moreen
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Alan, if I could just ask, it seems like also producers are taking a different approach to their outlook for
nat gas prices next year and how much they've been willing to hedge the '21 strip yet. Can you tackle
maybe the insight you've got in terms of some of the private producers, whether it's Encino, in the Utica
or some of the producers around your Haynesville acreage and how they're treating '21 and whether
they're -- and what their outlook might be for adding rigs and how soon that might happen?

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I would say there's a lot of people kind of still licking their wounds a little bit from the low price
environment that we've seen here in the first quarter, and that's not forgotten easily. And I think they
want to make sure that they're going to be very disciplined around the capital and allowing themselves to
make decent returns. And so -- and I'm not speaking to any one producer here, just to be clear, but I do
think that the very low prices that they've had to endure on both the GAAP and the NGL prices in some of
these locations has got them really thinking hard about how to move forward. And frankly, I think they see
the fundamentals perhaps being even stronger with that kind of cost discipline to the degree that takes
hold across the space, which seems to be, frankly, that the fundamentals will drive even higher prices.
And so if you look this morning, I think the January 21 prices were up to [ 3 20 ] for January 21. So they
may be exactly right on that and thinking that the fundamentals will continue to drive those prices up. So
I think they're really going to make sure that they're not just doing this to turn bids, but to make really
good value for their shareholders and their owners, and wait and are going to be patient to make sure
that the price really allows going to make some decent returns. And frankly, that's the kind of discipline, I
think, that will make the space healthy over time.

Gabriel Philip Moreen
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Understood. And then maybe, John, if I could get sort of updated thoughts from you and where you're
thinking about debt markets now? Clearly, things of improved quite a bit since a couple of weeks ago in
the update call. And I guess, just your thoughts around taking some of off the revolver when you put
those early maturities on the revolver.

John D. Chandler
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. No, those rates have significantly improved. Little painful from where they were in February at an
incredibly low rate. But as we look today, the rates are very attractive for Williams and for Transco. And so
it's -- we'll watch the markets, and if we feel like there's a good opportunity, we'll certainly take advantage

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

of that and try to get some off of our revolver. We have -- we still have $1.7 billion on a revolver. But I'd
say we also have $700 million in cash. So we've got a very strong liquidity position. Our revolver, again, is
$4.5 billion and doesn't mature until 2023. So we can be patient. But just to be clear, rates are attractive,
and our bond spreads have really traded in, in the last couple of weeks.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Alex Kania with Wolfe Research.

Alexis Stephen Kania
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just a question, I guess, just on Gulf of Mexico. First, I guess, just thinking about making sure that
we understand how the sensitivity is on volumes work. It sounds like, again, you feel like from large
producers, there's not going to be a big move. But again, just wondering if volumes do move, does that
directly impact your bottom line? Or is there some protection within how the contracts work on a cost base
basis? And then related to that, maybe if there's any impact on capital related to, I guess, the Whale delay
that Shell announced a couple of days ago?

And second question is just thoughts on the NWP 12 Permit. Do you use that typically for your
construction activities? Is that going to cause any complications for any planning that you've cut on the
gathering or transmission over the next few months until we get some resolution on that?

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Yes, I'll take the first question there broadly on the deepwater, and then have Micheal answer the Whale
and the NWP 12 question. On the deepwater, for the most part, there are some MVCs and some fixed
payments out there. But for the most part, because a lot of those MVCs are so much below the actual
volumes that people are sitting at today, you should consider our deepwater business to be pretty well
driven by volume, so both on the oil and the gas side. So I would -- it's not that complicated out there
for the most part. It's -- I mean there are places like the Northwood and places like that, that would true-
up on an annual basis, but you wouldn't see that in a quarterly basis. So anyway, so newer assets like
Norphlet tend to have those, and the older assets, those MVCs have -- we've gotten our capital back in
those MVCs where those fixed payments have gone away. Just like Gulfstar, as we mentioned, the fixed
payments on that, terminated -- the majority of the fixed payments terminated in May of last. Mike, if
you'll take the Whale and the NWP?

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

Sure, Alan, thanks. On Whale, we actually -- before all of the oil price shock occurred, we actually placed
some orders for some equipment. And we've got more favorable timing terms on those orders. And so
our capital would actually be reduced this year. It's just a timing issue for the most part, though, prior
to the announcements came from the Whale customers. Since the Whale customers have made their
announcements, we've had conversations with them. They've not asked us to change course in any
fashion in regard to our current undertaking of engineering and procurement of materials to support their
project, although they have announced an FID delay. So right now, it's steady as she goes in regard to our
performance under our reimbursement agreement with those Whale customers.

And on the Nationwide 12 question, as you all probably are well aware, the Keystone XL pipeline in
Montana, they suspended authorization of the nationwide to permit for that project, and it certainly
is something that we're all looking at across the industry. The core engineers has stated they're not
authorizing any new projects right now under the Nationwide 12, but they've not shut down any projects
that we know of, and certainly none of ours, that were being performed under the Nationwide 12.

We don't think this is going to be a significant issue to Williams. And for example, in Pennsylvania and
New Jersey, they don't even use the Nationwide 12 permits there. So it's certainly not an impact at all
there and anywhere that we were going to use those this year on new authorizations. It was just small

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

pad connections in our gathering systems for the most part. And we can pivot to a different permitting
team for those and achieve our permitting goals for those projects. And so as of now, we've got no project
shutdown and every core engineer's office that has jurisdiction over our permit in each one of those
jurisdictions, we've had conversations with them, and they said they have no intention of shutting down
any projects that are currently underway with the Nationwide 12 permit.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Richardson with SunTrust.

Tristan James Richardson
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Really appreciate all the commentary this morning. Just a follow-up question on the Northeast G&P. I
mean with the volumes we've seen in 1Q and your commentary, perhaps suggesting even the rich gas
volumes remain resilient. We think about the $1.4 billion in EBITDA number you've talked about in the
past, should we think of that as still a relevant number in the current environment in Northeast G&P?

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

I -- this is Micheal. I'll take that. I think we had tempered our expectations on growth there coming into
this year, last year. That's why you saw significant reduction in our capital. But if you do a run rate on
the Northeast, I think we were at $370 million EBITDA this quarter, and we would expect to see some
continued flat performance, if you will, through the majority of the Northeast PA production areas. As
everyone knows, Cabot's talked about going into maintenance mode with flat production for the year.
We're seeing some growth in the Bradford still, under our cost of service agreements up there. And
we do think some of the areas in West Virginia will be a more of a bright spot in the coming several
quarters, probably towards the end of the year into next year. And so I think we do have some line of
sight, ultimately, to be able to get to that $1.4 billion, it might be a little bit delayed from where we were
hoping, but we had those expectations tempered coming into this year.

Tristan James Richardson
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Helpful. And just a brief follow-up. With respect to Bluestem, with the frac chain online now, can you
see contributions from any of that capacity today? Or any fractionation contributions would come when
Bluestem comes online early next year?

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Assuming that frac 7 under target is controlled, is taking product, we will get revenue from that. So --
and it is as we understand. And so we will get revenue from that prior to Bluestem coming online.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Shneur Gershuni with UBS.

Shneur Z. Gershuni
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Thank you for the extended update today. And a lot of my questions have been asked and answered. But
maybe to follow up on Gabe's question a little bit here, but in a different way. When we think about the
producers in the Northeast, a lot of them are not really well-capitalized coming into this, excluding Cabot,
which I realize is a very important customer of yours. Are we sure that the higher gas prices ensures that
we get higher volumes or higher volumetric opportunity for Williams? Or is there a chance that they sit
there and just sort of take their production as is and enjoy the high prices and not accelerate CapEx? Just
kind of trying to think about how we should think about it from a volumetric perspective in '21, just sort of
given the starting place from where the producers were.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Shneur, are you speaking just to...

Shneur Z. Gershuni
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

[ So taking them all ]

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

The Northeast.

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, I would say, as you would think, a variety of producers and financial drivers out there, some are
well hedged and are taking advantage of the cost -- low available cost structures to them out there right
now and growing very successfully and not really missing a beat. On the other hand, you have players for
us like Chevron up there that has announced the sales process and have been kind of pulled back on their
drilling operations. So that's probably the extremes of that.

But as I mentioned earlier, I do think that some producers are going to sit back and wait to see how firm
these prices will get. They keep moving in the right direction. And I think they're waiting to -- I think
they believe that the fundamentals are on their side. And so if you translate all of the negative discussion
around oil and shut-ins and demand disruption, if you believe that strongly, then you have to turn around
and believe that gas is going to have a big call on it in these gas-corrected basins. And so I think that's
what you're seeing is some of them having quite a bit of confidence in the fundamentals and are waiting to
make sure that those fundamentals show up in the way of price before they commit to anything.

But be clear, these are all -- there's not -- I can't point to a large producer that we deal with out there that
I don't have quite a bit of respect for. The way they think about this, they just have different motivations
and drivers out there in front of them. But they all, I would say, are always in the case of planning. So
they're not sitting back right now, even though it may appear that way. They're not sitting back on their
haunches and not planning for what looks like opportunity for growth in the future. But I think they're
only going to pull those triggers when they're confident that these prices are something that they can lean
into. So I would say what we are seeing pretty visibly, is a lot of planning for growth, but not necessarily a
commitment to that growth just yet. And -- but I think there's a lot of belief in the fundamentals that exist
out there. And again, it's kind of hard to believe in all the carnage on the oil side and not believe on the
pull on the gas side.

Shneur Z. Gershuni
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Maybe as a follow-up on that, maybe this is difficult to speculate about. But do you see some scenarios
where maybe some of them, just given how difficult capital access is right now for them, that they
potentially do JV and do like drillco JVs and so forth with private equity as -- do you kind of see that as
potential avenue for some of them?

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

I think more of that, if you think -- not necessarily the Northeast producers, I think we'll see more of that
in the Haynesville area, where there's a lot of easy acreage to go hit, a lot of private companies that are
even less capitalized in some cases. But they've got some very -- there's not a whole lot of risk involved in
the development there and certainly not a lot of risk in getting the gas to the markets. And so I think we'll
see a little more of that kind of activity like in Haynes.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

John D. Chandler
Senior VP & CFO

One thing I do want to go back to a question that was asked earlier about Northeast EBITDA coming in.
I believe the question was about the $1.4 billion. And I would tell you, coming in earlier this year, we felt
like perhaps we come in under that level just because Cabot was going back to maintenance mode, and
we saw Chevron signaling they were going to slow some of their activity down. But again, remember, we
had a really good first quarter, and our volumes are really good, really strong. And of course, things are
starting to look better for the Northeast in the latter half of the year as well. So as we look at it today, we
do believe we'll be operating above $1.4 billion in the Northeast for the year.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Praneeth Satish with Wells Fargo.

Praneeth Satish
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just in the Haynesville, can you maybe just give us a breakdown of the customer mix there? How much
is Chesapeake versus privates? And then in terms of potential growth in the Haynesville, if it does occur,
would you expect that to come more from the public or private producers in the region?

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

I'm going to have Chad Zamarin, who has been dealing with a lot of the opportunities out there to address
that.

Chad J. Zamarin
Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategic Development

Yes, sure. Thanks. In the Haynesville, Chesapeake is still about 70% of our volume. But if you look
back about 3 years, it would have been a much higher percentage even at that. So we've seen pretty
rapid growth in third-party volumes from primarily private producers. Vine is one of those producers,
[indiscernible]. Comstock is a producer that's not private, but we've been picking up additional activity
from.

And to the question kind of earlier, we have seen those producers in the Haynesville take advantage of
the current pricing environment and extend their hedging. And to Alan's point around access to capital
for drilling in the Haynesville, the ability to hedge out, now, many of these producers are hedging more
than 24 months out on those Haynesville wells are very much front-end weighted from a value recovery
perspective. And so those Haynesville producers have a pretty good opportunity to lock in their production
plans over the next couple of years. And so the recovery of kind of the back end of the price curve has
really created a very stabilizing effect for ongoing development. In Haynesville, we actually think we'll see
additional growth as a result.

Praneeth Satish
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Great. And then can you maybe just rank order which of the -- which of your oil-directed regions would
get hit the hardest from potential shut-ins? And then how many quarters would you expect the shut-ins to
persist for? Is this a 1 quarter, 2 quarter or for the balance of 2020?

Micheal G. Dunn
Executive VP & COO

Yes. This is Micheal. I'll take that. From a shut-in risk, I would say the Eagle Ford is probably the highest,
at least in our acreage area because of the condensate that the customers are producing there. But we
are protected by an MVC, for example, on the Chesapeake contract. So even if the volumes do decline,
we do have an MVC protection underlying that, which we think would be very strong for us from a --

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

protection of our revenue there in regard to that. So I'd say the Eagle Ford is probably the highest. The DJ
is probably one as well, where they're also seeing some of the same type gravity production there from
the condensate and oil that they're chasing in the DJ. So we would also have some similar shut-in risks
there. Gulf of Mexico, you've got some of the smaller independents in the Gulf of Mexico. That's probably
next on the list. But so far, we've not seen any of the large producers in the Gulf shut in any production.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I will now turn it back over to Mr. Armstrong for closing remarks.

Alan S. Armstrong
President, CEO & Director

Okay. Well, thank you all very much for joining us this morning. A great quarter. We're really excited
to see the execution that we had in the quarter. And we think the fundamentals are very strong for our
business and the way we're positioned out in front of us. So thanks again for joining us this morning.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call, you may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE WILLIAMS COMPANIES, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

