The Kraft Heinz Company NasdaqGS:KHC
FQ2 2021 Pre Recorded Earnings Call 
Transcripts
Wednesday, August 04, 2021 12:00 AM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.59

0.72

Revenue  (mm)

6243.92

6549.26

8.33

1.00

2.66

2.65

25290.81

24480.55

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-02-2021 10:11 AM GMT

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.65

0.62

0.74

0.59

0.80

0.70

0.80

0.72

23.08 %

12.90 %

8.11 %

22.03 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

3

4

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Miguel Patricio
CEO & Director

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Rafael de Oliveira
Zone President of International

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Presentation

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Hello. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations at The Kraft Heinz Company, and welcome
to our second quarter 2021 business update.

During our review, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things
today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings
release and our filings with the SEC.

We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during these remarks. These non-GAAP financial
measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results.
And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental
materials posted at ir.kraftheinzcompany.com.

Today, our Chief Executive Officer, Miguel Patricio, will provide an update on our overall business
performance. Carlos Abrams-Rivera will review business performance in the U.S. segment. Rafa Oliveira,
will discuss business performance in our International segment. And then Paulo Basilio, our Global Chief
Financial Officer, will provide an overall financial review and our near-term outlook.

We've also scheduled a separate, live question-and-answer session with analysts. You can access
our earnings release, supplemental materials and audio of our question-and-answer session at
ir.kraftheinzcompany.com. A replay of the question-and-answer session will be available following the
event through the same website. With that, I will turn it over to Miguel.

Miguel Patricio
CEO & Director

Thank you, Chris. With the first half of 2021 now behind us, not only we are gaining more visibility into
our post-pandemic world, we are in a better position to assess our fundamental progress as a company
since the pandemic took hold. So I would like to start our review with some higher-level observations on
where I believe we are as a company and how we are preparing ourselves for the future.

First and foremost, I'm very happy and very proud that our Kraft Heinz team is displaying and building
the power of scale with agility. The starts and pauses to the reopening of economies around the world and
challenges such as inflation and supply chain disruptions that are coming with it are a difficult aspect of
our current reality.

Despite this, we believe our Q2 results serve as a good indication that we are, in fact, driving sustainable
gains with our consumers and in our P&L versus pre-pandemic levels. We are driving our transformation
agenda forward, fueled by investments in our people, brands and capabilities, all while driving efficiencies
and maintaining industry-leading profitability. And we continue to strengthen our portfolio, improve our
financial flexibility and position ourselves to take accretive actions to accelerate our transformation.

From a financial perspective, we have talked about 2019 being an important measuring stick for our
progress. Progress against our strategy and transformation, but also from a pre- versus post-pandemic
world. In that context, we see resilient growth on both our top and bottom lines.

In the second quarter, we've maintained the lion's share of extraordinary gains we had in 2020. As a
result, organic net sales grew 5% versus the same period in 2019. Our bottom line also remained strong
with constant currency adjusted EBITDA, up 5.5% versus Q2 2019, despite a number of headwinds. And
based on our performance to date, we expect to deliver a stronger 2021 than we projected when we
provided our initial outlook in February.

Even more encouraging, our growth is coming from areas where we have made investments, consistent
with the new strategy we launched last year. We are realizing a strong mix improvement in our higher-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

margin Grow platforms, especially in our global Taste Elevation platform. We are capturing new business in
emerging markets where we have significant white space opportunities. Our progress in these markets is
accelerating and their contributions to the total company continues to grow.

By channel, I would also note that our retail business has remained well above pre-pandemic levels. And
our Foodservice business is showing a relatively quick rebound as we outperformed the broader channel in
the United States and many other markets where we operate.

And while our strategic investments are beginning to drive our results, it's still early in our transformation,
which makes us optimistic about how our priorities and initiatives can fuel our momentum going forward.

In the past, we have talked about our need and my passion for modernizing our connections with the
consumers through stronger and more creative marketing. This is happening, and we have more on
the way. Through the first half of the year, we have strongly increased our marketing spend versus the
first half of 2019, and we remain on track with our planned increases for the rest of the year. Within this
spend, we will put more dollars behind working media, digital channels and a high-performing priority
brands and platforms.

We are also starting to see the culture of creativity we want to build showing through with more
consumer-led, more cultural relevant campaigns, and this includes external industry recognition with our
teams winning 6 Cannes Lion awards this year while being shortlisted for 17 other awards.

And our most recent initiatives are showing great agility to tap in today's culture and conversation. From
the Kraft Mac & Cheese-flavored ice cream you may have seen to our Olympics partnership in Canada, our
teams around the world are showing their consumer obsession and delivering breakthrough creativity to
modernize our iconic brands.

On the other side of the ledger, we continue to be well positioned to fund our strategic investments
through efficiency gains. We will talk more in the coming months about the new ways we are building
agility to unlock both further efficiencies and incremental growth. We have strong end-to-end visibilities
to supply chain opportunities. We remain on track to deliver the $400 million of gross efficiencies we have
planned for this year and capture our 5-year target of $2 billion in savings that we have talked before.

And to address the 3 topics we are most often asked about these days: inflation, inflation and inflation. We
do not see recent inflationary pressures getting in the way of our strategic progress. Similar to industry
peers, our cost pressures are somewhat greater than they were 3 months ago. For us, the latest uptick
has mainly been driven by additional costs in resins. That said, we continue to see our 2021 gross cost
inflation remaining in the mid-single digit range across our full cost basket.

We have already offset the cost inflation we've seen to date, and we continue to believe the level of
inflation we are seeing is manageable going forward. Why is that? First, we have been actively managing
our promotional depth and frequency versus our initial plans since we began to see inflation tick up earlier
this year.

Second, we are protecting our dollar profitability from incremental inflation through additional revenue
management initiatives, especially in the United States, as Carlos will discuss.

And third, in all markets we serve around the world, we will continue to monitor things and take further
action if necessary.

Taking in what I have highlighted so far from a P&L perspective, our results show our transformation is
progressing. Our brand-building investments and efficiency plans will sustain our momentum. And we
remain confident in our ability to maintain industry-leading profitability as we move forward.

The final observation I would like to make relates to capital side of the equation. From an organic
perspective, despite the delays and disruptions related to the pandemic, we are aggressively deploying
capital to fuel our future growth. We are leveraging our strong cash generation and improved financial
flexibility to expand capacity behind our growth platforms and in priority emerging markets. We are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

targeting a 30% step-up in CapEx this year versus 2019, driven by growth-oriented CapEx as well as
investments to drive further efficiency gains as we move forward.

We also continue to move strongly forward on an inorganic basis. Paulo will provide more details on
the nut and natural cheese divestures, how they will strengthen our portfolio and improve our financial
flexibility. But I would like to highlight the other way agile portfolio management can accelerate our
transformation by adding great businesses that can be quickly accretive.

In June, we announced the acquisition of Assan Foods in Turkey, a business focused on Taste Elevation in
emerging markets. While this is a relatively small acquisition, it serves as a stepping stone to accelerate
our retail and foodservice growth across Europe, Middle East and Africa. The point here is that we remain
excited about the potential to take agile portfolio management actions, not just improve our financial
flexibility, but to accelerate our long-term growth potential.

With that, I will now ask Carlos and Rafa to provide the highlights of our U.S. and international segment
performance.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Thank you, Miguel. Through the first half of the year, our team has delivered strong gains versus 2019,
and we're off to a relatively strong start against the extraordinary 2020, despite the ups and downs of the
pandemic recovery.

We are making great progress unlocking areas of profitable growth, getting closer to our consumers,
strengthening our brands, reigniting relevancy and winning in the marketplace through sharper, more
proactive execution.

That relentless focus is what gives us confidence that we can continue transforming our business while
managing the headwinds that arise. But better that we show what we have at work than just talk about it.

Earlier this year, I highlighted our plans to restore our retail activity levels versus 2020 behind key holiday
windows and consumer occasions. As we do this, we are focusing our efforts and our dollars on need
states where we can leverage our scale and insights for differentiated consumer solutions and realize the
power of our platform approach.

A great example of this is our Art of the Burger program, where we are partnering with customers to
create more valuable joint execution for grilling season. We brought together everything a consumer
needs to make a mouthwatering, artisanal burger. Customized out-of-aisle sets brought Heinz sauces,
burger buns and patties, cheese, and even fresh produce into one easy-to-shop destination. And online,
we added Ore-Ida potatoes and other grilling favorites to help drive even greater lift for our partners and
sold more than 5 million incremental bottles of Heinz ketchup. The Art of the Burger program illustrates
how we are thinking less about our categories and more about our platforms that address how consumers
eat.

We're also working across platforms to create an omni-channel breakfast experience that combines the
power of 6 brands from Oscar Mayer bacon to Kraft Singles to give consumers everything they need for a
delicious, fast, fresh, at-home breakfast that rivals any drive-through. We activated this with 30 retailers
and across e-commerce. And in 1 month, the program generated $8 million of incremental net sales and
several learning for future programs.

In the months ahead, our calendar will become even more active with additional platform-based, omni-
channel programs. I should also note that as we restore our activity in the back half of the year, it will limit
the contribution from pricing we report versus 2020.

At the same time, we are confident in our ability to manage through and mitigate the incremental inflation
we experienced, just like we stated in the past. In the first half of this year, we delivered positive pricing
on top of meaningful 2020 gains by optimizing frequency and depth of promotion while we simultaneously
restore the key retail activations I just mentioned.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

We recently announced to our trade partners, a combination of list price increases and promotional
adjustments across a broad base of our portfolio. We have been and we'll continue to execute inflation-
justified key commodity pricing. And we're activating many other revenue management levers, such as
price pack architecture when and where appropriate.

In addition to this, we continue to ramp up our equity-driven investment agenda across all 3 phases. First,
the renovation of many of our iconic brands through product, packaging and brand repositioning is well
underway. A great example is Lunchables' new campaign, which leverages the inherent buildability of the
brand and speak directly to the empowerment today's kids and parents are seeking. The repositioning
work is the first step in a multiyear brand renovation and is expected to help continue Lunchables' current
momentum, which today is seeing double-digit net sales growth for the first time in 5 years.

Second is how we are innovating to better meet consumer needs and behaviors. Primal Kitchen is a stand-
out example where consumption has tripled in the last year, thanks to several better-for-you product
launches like cashew butter Buffalo Sauce. These efforts are being noticed as we earn a coveted Whole
Foods' Supplier Award as global winner for outstanding innovation.

Third is the increased quantity and quality of marketing we're deploying. Total Q2 marketing was up
double digits versus 2019, and we are ramping up our digital efforts, which is now roughly 70% of the
total spend.

In trust, we are still at the early stages of our journey to fully leverage occasion-based insights and create
new culturally relevant ways to drive stronger engagement with consumer. But our momentum is moving
in a positive direction, as you can see on Slide 17.

We are seeing signs of several pandemic-inspired cooking and eating behaviors are sticking, even as
mobility increases and restrictions lift. Today, many of our brands continue to grow household penetration
as consumers gravitate towards pantry staples and ingredients, and make more home meals, while
ongoing interest in convenient options like Kraft Mac & Cheese continue to attract new buyers and drive
repeat rates.

Compared to 2019, nearly 2 million more households bought Kraft Heinz brand in the second quarter,
boosting an already high household penetration rate, while repeat rates were up 8 percentage points.
Additionally, spending per buyer and per trip, both increased by roughly 10% and 3%, respectively. And
this is resulting in better performance against the competition with 58% of our U.S. retail business gaining
share in Q2 versus 41% in Q1.

Now not on this slide is the fact that we're also gaining share outside measured channel as our foodservice
sales growth in Q2 outpaced the industry, thanks to our renewed focus on insights, culinary trends and
distribution.

So through the first half of the year, our U.S. team is doing 3 things: first, delivering strong performance
versus 2019 on the top and bottom lines; second, driving the key strategic initiatives that we believe will
transform our business; and third, effectively managing through the challenges the current environment
brings. Altogether, I am confident that we will continue to build on our scale advantage going forward.

With that, I hand it over to Rafa to discuss our international segment.

Rafael de Oliveira
Zone President of International

Thank you, Carlos. In short, our international team continues to perform well and advance our growth
strategy. We are driving top line growth on top of extraordinary 2020. And our very strong constant
currency adjusted EBITDA performance compared to the '19 period is giving us great head start in front of
a second half that we'll see our investment levels ramping up.

On Slide 19, you can see our results continue to prove out our strategy through our intense focus on being
the undisputed global leader in Taste Elevation and aggressively pursuing emerging markets white space.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Net sales in our international Taste Elevation platform were up 16% in Q2 versus '19, driven by
distribution expansion, stepped-up marketing investments and a promising start to our 2021 innovations.
We gained 2 share points on top of a very strong share gains in the previous 3 quarters, with 88% of
countries in our international segment, holding or gaining share in Taste Elevation.

Our emerging markets also continued strong growth. Q2 organic net sales were up 16% above the same
period in 2019, driven primarily by distribution gains in both retail and foodservice, as we are stepping up
investments to capture white space.

We have talked before about the go-to-market capabilities we developed in Brazil to drive distribution
gains across both retail and foodservice channels. Now we are investing aggressively to systematically
capture the opportunity in Russia through a combination of: optimizing our merchandising network,
working directly with chefs and tastemakers for front-of-the-house menu replacements, and introducing
new innovations and capacity additions to support our future growth.

These efforts have helped increase retail distribution by 25% and foodservice distribution by almost 50%.
And this has led to strong performance in our business, growing net sales nearly 20% and increasing
share 2.6 points versus 2019. We're excited and encouraged by our early wins. But we know as we ramp
up investments, we can capture more of the enormous growth opportunities we have in our international
business.

With that, let me pass it off to Paulo to talk more about our global financial performance and our outlook.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Rafa. I will start by saying that our performance to date reinforces our confidence that our
gains relative to pre-pandemic levels are, in fact, durable, and despite recent inflationary pressures, our
profitability can remain at industry-leading levels.

Slide 22 provides a more detailed look at our U.S. financial performance, where it is evident that we are
retaining sustainable gains versus 2019. Q2 organic net sales versus 2019 were up 5.4% and constant
currency adjusted EBITDA increased 9.3% versus Q2 2019.

As expected, volume/mix versus 2020 was negatively impacted by difficult comparisons in the McCafé
exit. That said, our foodservice business recovery is well underway and retail consumption remained
solidly ahead of 2019 levels. Price in Q2 was positive for the eighth consecutive quarter, driven by several
factors, including favorable timing, inflation-justified pricing and increased in in-store activity versus a
light, pandemic-induced merchandising calendar in the prior year period.

And while pricing and cost efficiencies were enough to offset non-key commodity inflation, lower
shipments, unfavorable mix and higher year-on-year bacon costs led to a decline in constant currency
adjusted EBITDA versus an extraordinary 2020.

In Canada, Q2 top line performance came in largely as expected, with many of the same year-on-year
drivers as United States. On the top line, we saw higher pricing across foodservice and retail to help offset
inflation, lower retail demand versus panic buying in the prior year period, as well as a partial rebound in
foodservice demand.

And despite leading on price, through the second quarter, our Canada business held or gained share in the
majority of its categories versus 2019 levels. At the bottom line, lower constant currency adjusted EBITDA
was due to lower volumes and unfavorable mix as positive pricing and gross cost efficiencies more than
offset inflationary headwinds in the quarter.

Turning to our international segment on Slide 24. Organic net sales built on extraordinary 2020 growth
due to pricing gains and strong emerging market growth. And relative to 2019, consumer demand remains
elevated and especially strong in emerging markets. In terms of profitability, while constant currency
adjusted EBITDA remains strongly ahead of 2019 levels, we saw a decline of 3.4% versus lofty 2020

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

levels. Here, pricing in favorable overheads were sufficient to offset inflation, but lower volume and
unfavorable mix drove the decline.

As for the total company in Q2, organic net sales and constant currency adjusted EBITDA were consistent
with the outlook we provided in April and reflect the drivers we've discussed. And as Miguel, Carlos and
Rafa highlighted, our results are keeping us optimistic about our ability to hold onto gains versus pre-
pandemic levels, driven by a combination of: retail consumption remaining stronger, longer; a long runway
for our emerging markets business to grow; and the broader benefits of our strategy taking hold.

Wrapping up our financials on Slide 26. Our earnings and cash flow performance continues to be strong.
Q2 adjusted EPS has remained relatively stable versus a very strong Q2 2020, reflecting favorable
interest expenses and a lower effective tax rate. More specifically, items below adjusted EBITDA have
been favorable by roughly $0.06 year-to-date. For the full year, we now expect these factors to be
approximately $0.12 favorable. This reflects our successful debt paydowns and our updated view for the
full year adjusted effective tax rate between 19% and 21%.

Finally, our year-to-date free cash flow generation remains strong, up versus 2019 levels and only
somewhat below extraordinary 2020. As for our outlook and path ahead -- with the closure of the nuts
divestiture, we expect to begin to see the impact of sharpening our focus and improving our mix through
agile portfolio management show up in our numbers.

We expect that the annualized net sales impact from nuts to be approximately $1.1 billion, and an all-
in adjusted EBITDA impact, including stranded overhead costs of approximately $240 million. We expect
51% of this will fall in 2021 and 49% in the first half of 2022. And annualized adjusted EPS dilution is
expected to be roughly $0.06.

Regarding our natural cheese divestiture, we continue to expect the transaction to close in the second half
of 2021, and the impacts we expect from that divestiture remain consistent with what we have previously
outlined.

Taken together, these divestitures serve to accelerate our strategy of sustainable and profitable growth by
enhancing our growth and margin profile of the resulting portfolio, reducing our exposure to commodity
volatility, further distancing our brands from private label competition and importantly, improving our
financial flexibility and firepower, including the ability to invest aggressively with confidence in our highest
returning growth businesses.

As we have said many times before, our intent has always been to reduce our leverage without sacrificing
the speed of our turnaround or potential long-term value creation. As reported in Q2, we reduced our
net leverage to a post-merger low of 3.1x, well below our 4x net debt to adjusted EBITDA target. I
would note, however, that cycling past the extraordinary adjusted EBITDA benefits in 2020 as well as the
upcoming impact of the divestitures will create some upward pressure on leverage.

That said, we will continue to retire debt opportunistically, depending on market conditions and expect to
manage our leverage consistent with an investment grade profile going forward, which gives us significant
financial and strategic flexibility.

Turning to our expectations for the P&L for Q3. We expect another strong quarter on the top and bottom
lines, considering the various headwinds we are up against. Specifically, we expect to see another
quarter of mid-single-digit organic net sales growth versus 2019, driven by continued, elevated retail
consumption, strong emerging markets growth, and ongoing improvement in foodservice. And this
includes more than 1 point unfavorable impact from McCafé Exit.

At constant currency adjusted EBITDA, we expect a low single-digit percent decline versus 2019. Although
this includes more than 8 points of combined headwinds from the net divestiture McCafé exit as well as
more normalized incentive compensation.

Versus 2020, the outlook includes roughly 3 point unfavorable impact from the nuts divestiture and
reflects a combination of: mix headwinds as consumption between at-home and away-from-home
channels finds a new equilibrium; greater inflationary pressure against more difficult pricing comparisons,

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

considering the restoration of retail activation that Carlos highlighted; and stepped up spending levels to
support our transformation.

For the full year 2021, while we continue to expect results to be ahead of our original strategic plan,
we now expect that adjusted EBITDA we report for 2021 to be ahead of the $6.1 billion we reported in
2019. And we expect this despite the negative impact from the nuts and Canada cheese divestitures,
business exits and normalization of incentive compensation that have happened between then and now.
That's better than we expected at the start of the year, and it reflects the fact that our underlying ongoing
business is bigger, stronger and more profitable than it was in 2019.

Let me now hand it back to Miguel for some closing comments.

Miguel Patricio
CEO & Director

Thank you, Paulo. As we wrap up today's prepared remarks, I hope you come away with the same beliefs I
have. I'm encouraged by our results and the underlying momentum in the business. I'm energized by the
progress we are making against our transformation, and I am emboldened by the strength of the portfolio
and our financial flexibility.
There is still much work to be done and more challenges lie ahead, but I'm confident that we will continue
to become a stronger and a more agile consumer-focused leader in our industry. Thank you for your time
and interest in Kraft Heinz.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ2 2021 PRE RECORDED EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

