The Kraft Heinz Company NasdaqGS:KHC
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 30, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.54

0.58

Revenue  (mm)

6137.05

6157.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-30-2020 1:14 PM GMT

7.41

0.33

0.63

2.32

2.34

6426.69

24928.60

24638.41

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.75

0.54

0.68

0.54

0.78

0.69

0.72

0.58

4.00 %

27.78 %

5.88 %

7.41 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

ANALYSTS

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Kevin John Lehmann
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day. My name is Daniel, and I will be your operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome
everyone to the Kraft Heinz Company's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.

I will now turn the call over to Chris Jakubik, Head of Global Investor Relations. Mr. Jakubik, you may
begin.

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our business update. We will begin today's call with an overview
of our first quarter 2020 results as well as an update on our path forward from Miguel Patricio, our CEO;
Paulo Basilio, our CFO; and Carlos Abrams-Rivera, the Head of our U.S. business. And then we'll open the
lines for your questions.

Please note that during our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are
based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are
discussed in our press release and our filings with the SEC.

We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during the call today. These non-GAAP financial
measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And
you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release.

Now let's turn to Slide 3, and I'll hand it over to Miguel.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I want to begin my comments today with a few thoughts
about purpose. To be leading one of the largest food companies in the world at the moment of an
unprecedented crisis is, at the same time, a privilege and a big responsibility, not only a big responsibility
to our consumers and customers, but a big responsibility with our employees, our employees on the front
lines, producing, distributing and shelving our products. Our teams understand exactly and have embraced
our sense of duty. They are proud to be feeding the world. And suddenly, our purpose has become much
more obvious, to keep feeding the world.

At the start of the year, if you recall, our main objective for 2020 was to lay the foundation for the future
growth, the first step in a 3-stage turnaround. I can tell you today, it's turning out to be just that and so
much more.

In February, I said the essential ingredients for our turnaround were in place: people with deep experience
in key roles to drive functional excellence; perspective on where consumers are going and how we can
win; productivity initiatives with detailed jobs to be done; and the financial profile with strong free cash
flow going forward. I think we are seeing each one of this on every front in what we cover today from our
COVID-19 response, where our people are rising to the challenge, to Q1 results that show the underlying
business in line with initial expectations and how we have met an unexpected spike in demand and
increased consumption of our brands; our turnaround progress for 2020, which is on track, even as we
adapt to this unprecedented call to action, making us cautiously optimistic for the rest of the year; and the
fact that we are turning our strategic plans into action, despite on strains of working virtually.

As many of you have wrote, the next several months will be critical in understanding the path forward and
potential for our industry. The same goes for Kraft Heinz at the pace of our turnaround in the near term.
We are in a highly dynamic, unprecedented environment, and what we think today may be significantly
different from tomorrow. For now, let's focus on what this new world has meant for our business so far.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

In a nutshell, our response to this pandemic so far and how our people are rising to the challenge is
showing ourselves and the rest of the world just how strong our company really are. In procurement,
the team has worked over time to make sure we had adequate supplies to meet demand. They were
building scenarios very early when things first started happening in China, increasing inventories of critical
materials and finding new access. There's no question that we are meeting peak demand today because
we did a great job anticipating the future. As I'm sure you can imagine, the situation continues to evolve
rapidly, but I feel certain that I have the right team in place to prepare our business for what's ahead.

In late February, we established our global Kraft Heinz coronavirus task force to actively monitor the
COVID-19 outbreak worldwide and in U.S. This has allowed us to take proactive steps to keep our
employee and supply chain safe during this time. And we are learning through the journey, leveraging
our global presence and sharing best practices across the organization at an unbelievable speed. But
our people on the front lines in manufacturing, distribution and in-store sales are the real heroes in all
this. And they are taking our business to the next level. Morale in our plants has never been so high,
and I cannot say enough about our people's commitment. Our teams are producing with pride and
purpose, working smart by eliminating those products with significant changeover times in order to boost
production.

In sales, not only has the team deployed itself more broadly to assist distribution and stocking retail
shelves, but they have done an excellent job optimizing channel and SKU mix to make sure we get
the right products where they are needed the most. And this has gone a long way in improving our
collaboration and continuity with our retail partners, something we can build further upon once we are
past this crisis.

Our IT shared service, human resources, communication and legal teams have been anticipating
our needs, enabling us to work closer even though we are physically further apart. They have been
coordinating with our external partners, including government and community leaders, so we can continue
to be effective under various shelter-in-place rules state by state and country by country.

And our finance team has been working tirelessly to improve both our liquidity and our forecast accuracy
to enable industry-leading execution under multiple scenarios.

Overall, our business is strong. We are operating to peak capacity, performing at world-class levels and
leveraging our industry-leading safety, quality and hygiene practices. Our entire organization is displaying
agility as demand forecasts and news flow can change scenarios multiple times per day.

Going forward, as we will talk about later, this crisis is causing us to accelerate our supply chain, the
complexity efforts, reprioritizing our merchandising calendars and rebalance our marketing efforts. I think
this is an important moment where our culture of accountability, the speed and agility our lean structure
can bring and our scale to be everywhere for consumers in times of uncertainty can be a real differentiator
for Kraft Heinz. A big part of our strategy development was to get our marketers thinking about the
future, building the future, to ask themselves what will happen next, what behaviors will change. Now we
have to think about future consumption if 40% of adults live alone and will eat more meals at home; if
kids eat more breakfast and lunches at home versus school or on the run; if new consumers that have
come online stay online to their shopping; if consumers will continue consuming big trusted brands,
brands that bring them comfort and familiarity in moments of uncertainty; and if drive-through and
delivery becomes the norm, how we can be more creative with our foodservice customers and make our
products more relevant.

Turning to financial impacts. We've done our best to quantify the impact from the recent spike in demand,
although we acknowledge, this does not come with our typical level of precision. On a net basis, we
estimate that the additional demand that we are experiencing as a result of COVID-19 resulted in about 6
to 7 points of incremental organic growth in the first quarter and with the contribution of 9 to 10 points of
additional EBITDA growth.

Looking forward, while Kraft Heinz, our customers and our peers will continue to operate in an
environment of significant uncertainty, there are 4 expectations we have a high degree of confidence in
sharing. First and foremost, we think it will be critical for our brands to reassert their advantage in taste,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

performance, value and reliability. So we will continue to step up investments behind our brands and the
work that's being done behind our new strategic plan has given us a head start on this front.

Second, we expect our foodservice sales to decline between 30% and 70% in each of our geographic
zones, depending on channel mix as well as the creativity and agility both we and our customers display
during this period. And keep in mind that foodservice represents roughly 15% of our net sales in each of
our business segments.

Third, and perhaps the most important, the scenario planning we do regarding both at-home consumption
trends and the likelihood for global recession will be key to our near-term growth and profitability as well
as building more strategic, collaborative and long-term relationships with our customers.

And finally, I will tell you that we do not believe Q2 consumption patterns will be a reliable first indicator
of what the new normal. Variables like at home versus away from home and recession versus growth
will likely become clearer as the second half of the year unfolds. And obviously, all of this will play out
differently by country in each one of the segments.

So at this point, I will hand it off, so Carlos and Paulo can discuss our business and financial results and
outlook. And then I will return with few words on our Investor Day before we go to Q&A.

With that, I'm delighted to introduce you to Carlos Abrams-Rivera, the new leader of our United States
business. Well, to say that Carlos has hit the ground running would definitely be an understatement.
Carlos?

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Thanks for the kind words, Miguel. The last 90 days have been challenging and even more rewarding
than anticipated. I was familiar with most of the business and understood the opportunity for change. Our
response to this crisis has only strengthened my belief that Kraft Heinz is in a unique position to serve
families with trusted brands, has a strong sense of ownership and clarity of purpose to feed the world and
demonstrating agility to rise to the challenge at the moment.

As you would expect, I spent my first month getting to know the team, assessing our capabilities, doing
some deep dive on underperforming business and shaping a new consumer-centric direction for our U.S.
zone. And with the turnaround work already under way, I have worked quickly to add my own perspective
into our efforts to simplify processes, distort marketing resources to higher ROI and gross margin part
of the business, drive the complexity and establish clear priorities to deliver our commitments. All these
efforts only intensified as a result of the crisis in which we are living.

As I was expecting, my first interaction with you will be to talk about the new integrated business plans
we're installing to improve our forecasting, reduce waste and sharpen our strategic direction as well as
the beginning of our sales transformation and steps we are taking to accelerate marketing excellence.
But these last 2 months have had an extra layer of crisis management that, in many ways, is accelerating
our turnaround. We are cautious to move faster to simplify our manufacturing to maximize throughput,
reevaluate our merchandising strategies, shift the marketing spending and adjust the messaging and
strengthen our collaboration with our suppliers and customers.

I will finish my initial observations by saying what a privilege it is to work with the thousands of colleagues
who, day and night, are doing what's needed to make our trusted brands available all across our country.
I have been amazed by the work of our teams, and nothing captured this better than the message that
was born from our factories: We Got You, America. We were all so inspired that we amplify their voices by
bringing the spirit to live on film for all America to see on our #WeGotYouAmerica as campaign.

Now in terms of our Q1 results for the U.S. segment, we initially expect the Q1 sales to be pressured
from a combination of pricing to offset dairy and meat inflation, with related share loss and volume
declines as we led on pricing; some carryover distribution losses, particularly in our frozen business;
with a partial offset from strong foodservice growth as we lapped an easy prior year comparison due
to winter storms last year. In January and February, the overall business performed slightly better than

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

anticipated. However, our market share trends remained weak with natural cheese, cold cuts and frozen
meals, in particular, is down roughly 2 points. In March, however, this trend reversed. Consumptions in
cheese, meat and most every category, for that matter, accelerated, while foodservice sales fell more than
20% versus last year. As a result, Q1 organic growth was 6.4%. And in terms of profitability, we initially
expected a mid-single-digit decline in adjusted EBITDA for Q1. Instead, we grew roughly 6%.

Looking forward, right now, we think organic top line growth in Q2 will be in the mid-single-digit range,
and this is based on our expectation for strong retail takeaway to continue, boosted by retail customers
rebuilding inventory and with the foodservice sales declining by roughly 2/3. I would, however, caution you
in expecting a similar top line growth in the second half of the year. This is because, at some point soon, it
is reasonable to expect initial pantry loading to run off as consumers adjust to a new normal. Foodservice
weakness is likely to continue beyond this initial crisis period. And keep in mind, we will exit the McCafé
business in the U.S. beginning in Q3, and we'll now lap some distribution losses until late in the year.

Now I will turn things over to Paulo to talk through results for the rest of the business and where we
expect to go from here on the financial front.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everyone. I will start with our new international segment. We came
into the year expecting Q1 organic sales to reflect growth in Asia and Latin America, offset by product
discontinuation in Australia and New Zealand.

In net EBITDA, we expect a decline versus the prior year driven by carryover supply chain inflation, mainly
in Australia and New Zealand. Instead, Q1 organic net sales grew nearly 7%, and constant currency
adjusted EBITDA grew 7.3%. This was driven by COVID-19-related sales, primarily in developed countries
where disposable incomes allowed for greater stock-up, specifically Western Europe, Australia and New
Zealand, although foodservice sales during the quarter were down more than 6%, with declines in both
developed and emerging markets. Looking forward, we are cautiously optimistic that our international
business can see Q2 organic top line growth in the mid- to high single-digit range, similar to that of Q1.

Thus far, during this crisis period, we have seen our brands gain market share in most categories in most
countries, and we expect solid retail sales momentum to continue. However, foodservice sales are at risk
in the near term, and we expect Q2 foodservice sales could decline 30% to 50% versus prior year.

Turning to Canada. We initially expected Q1 organic sales to be down significantly from a combination of
lower pricing due to both a higher level of trade activity as well as the timing of trade expenses versus the
first quarter last year and lower volume driven by lower coffee shipments, including our exit from McCafé
at the start of the year. And we expected constant currency adjusted EBITDA to decline significantly versus
the prior year, including the impact of the divestiture. Excluding the divestiture, adjusted EBITDA was
also expected to decline from a combination of the lower organic sales and supply chain inflation. In the
end, top line growth came in better due to COVID-19-related consumption in March, and market share
improved in the vast majority of our categories. However, declining profitability was disappointing due to a
combination of additional supply chain costs and the timing of trade expenses. As I said in February, more
work needs to be done to turn underlying terms in Canada around, and we expect this to happen as the
year progressed.

For Q2, while we expect further benefit from greater at-home consumption, organic net sales are still
likely to decline low single digits as foodservices are expected to decline significantly versus the prior year,
and we have the ongoing impact of the McCafé exit. At the same time, while adjusted EBITDA should
decline due to divestiture impact and McCafé exit, EBITDA margin should begin to return to prior year
levels in Q2 as both pricing and supply chain performance improve sequentially.

Turning to total company performance. I do not want to repeat what we've discussed already, only to
highlight 3 key points. First, while Q1 organic net sales growth was consistent with the approximately
6% growth we forecast at the beginning of the month, adjusted EBITDA came in somewhat better than

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

expected at roughly flat on a constant currency basis, although it's still not reflecting the full benefit of the
incremental sales in the quarter.

The second thing to highlight relates to adjusted EPS, where the items below EBITDA, although
unfavorable year-on-year, were largely consistent with our full year expectations.

Finally, I would like to mention the improvement in our cash flow and cash generation. As many of you
know, our first fiscal quarter is typically our lowest in terms of cash generation. That said, free cash flow
in Q1 was nearly 1.5x the prior year. And it's worth noting that at the end of Q1, we had a significant
increase in quarter end receivables due to the spike in demand, that was only partly offset by lower
inventory levels. So we should see the free cash flow benefit from higher sales show up later this year,
which brings me to our financial outlook.

Like most companies today, it seems we have more scenarios than certainties as we look at the remainder
of the year. At the same time, there are a number of things we can forecast and, therefore, set a base
that we can update as the year progresses. For instance, we still believe 2020 will be an important year
of progress in the multiyear turnaround we envision. Recall that we set 3 priorities for 2020: to establish
a strong base of sales and earnings; to rebuild underlying business momentum; and continue to reduce
debt, while maintaining our current dividend. All these priorities are on track, even as we adapt to the new
challenges.

In addition, the negative year-over-year impact from divestitures, business exits and the normalization of
certain costs and business trends that we outlined in February held back our first quarter results largely
as expected. And we continue to think the same factors will continue to hold back our results for the
remaining of the year. We do expect the Q1 impact from greater COVID-19-related demand, both sales
and EBITDA, that Miguel outlined earlier, will be additive to the full year 2020 financial expectations we
laid out in February. And below EBITDA for the full year, we continue to expect a roughly $0.38 headwind,
but reflecting an effective tax rate above our original 20% to 22% range due to a current U.K. tax view
under consideration, a slightly higher interest expense due to our revolver drawdown to be offset by more
favorable other income versus our prior expectation. I will also note that if the change in U.K. tax law
does occur in Q2, we are likely to see an effective tax rate of about 30% in the quarter due to a one-off
noncash adjustment to deferred tax liabilities, which brings me to our Q2 outlook.

For Q2, all things considered, including recent April scanner data, we currently see low to mid-single-digit
organic net sales growth and mid-single-digit constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth as reasonable
expectations. And while a stronger Q2 should mean greater upside for the full year, at this point, it
remains a highly unpredictable environment. And it's, therefore, difficult to become significantly more
optimistic about the second half.

On one hand, there will be no pause in our initiatives to focus our investment, strengthen brand support
behind our flagship brands and capital efficiencies. And we will continue to refine our merchandising
calendars against available capacity to execute.

On the other hand, we see 3 discrete factors that will hold back second half EBITDA. First is the McCafé
exit that is already underway in Canada, but begins in the United States in July. Second is the incentive
compensation also mentioned on our prior call. And third is currency translation, particularly given recent
the dollar strength. Together, these factors currently represent an approximately 700 basis point headwind
to our second half results versus the prior year.

In addition to that, we see a number of risks that are currently difficult to quantify, including foodservice
sales and their certain pace of recovery, the potential for consumer pantry deloading and supply
disruptions as well as the possibility that the recent key commodity deflation we are seeing in the market
could turn into greater commodity volatility and, therefore, not benefit profitability as the year progresses.
As a result, while we are comfortable calling for the Q1 upside and a good portion of potential Q2
outperformance to stick for the remaining of the year, we feel that there are too many unknowns at this
time to confidently expect significant upside beyond that. At the same time, none of these uncertainties
are expected to get in the way of our continued work and continued expectation to strengthen our balance
sheet and adhere to the capital allocation priorities we laid out earlier this year. This includes maintaining

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

our typical conservative posture as it relates to liquidity, which we believe is even more important as we
focus on making sure all our products remain available to public during these challenging times.

It also reflects our expectation that free cash generation as a percentage of net income is still expected to
go up versus last year. And even though we are holding to our CapEx of $750 million for the year, we now
expect to generate more cash than originally expected, in excess of our normal dividend payout in 2020.
So we are in a strong position to continue reducing our debt and look for opportunities to further improve
our liquidity, while we maintain our current dividend.

With that, I will turn it back to Miguel for a preview of our Investor Day.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Thank you, Paulo. As you know, we have been developing our new strategy, transforming our capabilities
and making needed investments in the business for months. And no one was more anxious to share our
work than we were. But uncertainties that have entered with COVID-19 have given rise to a heightened
attention on the next 5 months versus the next 5 years. And frankly, it has made it more than appropriate
for us and the broader industry to revisit assumptions, some strategic priorities and for us to revise the
pacing of our savings and investment expectations. So we decided to move this event to September to
do things once and do them in a holistic way. In September, we want our new leadership team to share
our perspective on the unique assets and advantages we are building from key findings and the paradigm
shift we are employing and the new operating model we are putting into place and, of course, give you a
chance to ask questions to our broader team.

We will walk through the extensive review we've done by category, by country and in market to build
consumer understanding that has led to the new insights, how we think our portfolio fits today's consumer
and how we can adapt and drive future consumer trends. We'll also provide our assessment of the unique
building blocks we think we have at Kraft Heinz, assets such as scale, global footprint, deep household
penetration, an unparalleled portfolio of business and brands, capabilities in the form of an advanced
cost structure and a culture of agility and accountability, and how this can allow us to anticipate and
deliver against consumer needs with agility at scale. We will also discuss how we no longer think about
our portfolio as 55 product categories and individual businesses by geography. We are reorienting to
how consumers think to a few specific platforms that are globally relevant, platforms that will leverage
our strength to drive property consumer insights and allow us to better prioritize our emerging market
growth initiatives, for instance. It's an approach that we are very excited about, but more of this to come
in September.

And finally, we will provide with our blueprint for our future. We'll describe a new Kraft Heinz operating
model that will include and address that many questions you have around our new strategic priorities,
marketing and sales initiatives and saving opportunities in sourcing and supply chain. We have a more
clear view of the things that will make a difference for us, the things that will bring both more operating
efficiency and better consumer relevance for our brands. We will have a lot to discuss in September. For
now, I will leave you with this. Standing here today with a comprehensive strategic plan, I'm even more
confident that we can return Kraft Heinz to consistent, predictable top tier growth on both top line and
bottom line.
Now we would be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrew Lazar with Barclays.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. It's interesting, a number of food companies that have reported thus far have pulled full year
guidance, certainly given all of the uncertainties, but have also been less comfortable providing any real
outlook for -- even for calendar 2Q. So it's interesting. What are you seeing, I guess, that's enabled Kraft
Heinz to provide, as you call it, a reasonable expectation for 2Q, perhaps when others have been less
comfortable doing so?

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Andrew, this is Paulo. We've been improving our way of communicating with the market and trying to
share with investors and now how we're seeing the business. And again, we decided to give a better view.
Giving out the volatility that we're seeing in the market, we decided to share what we are seeing, although
highlighting the risks, how we're seeing the Q2 and given the demand that we are seeing in terms of our
retail business, also the headwinds that we are facing, our foodservices business. So it was a decision that
we took to share with the market how we're seeing this next -- the Q2 and the next 2 months that we're
at the end of April. And we are very cautious in relation of the second half. But it's because we believe that
we have a good visibility and just an ability to share more our views for the quarter with the market.

Andrew Lazar
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. And I think you expect the profit flow-through from some of the incremental COVID-related
demand in 2Q to be even stronger than the profit flow-through from that, that we saw in 1Q. So I'm just
curious maybe what are some of the -- either some headwinds that potentially dissipate between 1Q and
2Q that will allow for this.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Yes. No, I think very much the 3 drivers that are improving our profitability of sales flow through to
EBITDA are: first, we are seeing a much better mix -- product mix versus what we have in Q1, including
the retail versus foodservice. I think the second component is where our supply chain performance. As we
discussed before, we were seeing some supply chain headwinds come in Q1, and now they are behind us.
And the third is a better balance between price and commodity cost. As we also highlighted in the prior
call, we were lapping a very low price for one of the commodities in the dairy in Q1 that, now, we believe,
is going to be more balanced. This balance between price and commodities will be better. So those are,
pretty much, the 3 drivers that are driving the flow-through improvement from Q1 to Q2.

Operator

Our next question comes from Ken Goldman with JPMorgan.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the input cost outlook. You did talk about how one of the risks is that current
commodity deflation could become, I think, the word you used, was a little more "volatile." I was
wondering if there's any potential for you to minimize some of that volatility, whether it's using futures
contracts or hedges just to take advantage a little bit of maybe some of the cheaper costs for some of the
key items that you're buying today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

So, Ken, let me start here, and then maybe Carlos or Miguel can also comment, specifically Carlos. But
we are seeing -- there is no doubt that we are seeing a much more favorable environment in commodities
than the start of the year. And also we should -- you should see sequential improvement from what we
saw in Q1 versus Q2. For now, what I can tell you that is the favorability that we see in Q2, it's already
considered in the outlook that we've just provided. But for the second half, for us, now, it's too early to
give any type of level of precisions given that level of volatility that we still see in the market. And also,
you need to remember, there are also the component of uncertainty around the retail prices that will
come.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Probably, the only thing I would add is that, as you said, the meat and dairy projections are within the
outlook we've given for Q2.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Well, that makes sense. I'm just wondering if you're physically able to buy ahead a little further out. I
know some of those futures contracts for months that are further out are not as liquid. But I'm just trying
to figure out if there's a way for you to physically lock in some of the advantages that you might have.
Now I'm not asking for guidance for the back half as much as I am for -- just curious if there's any steps
you can actually take right now to help yourself.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Listen, we have -- in some cases, it varies. We have some opportunities to doing some type of markets
depending of the commodity to do some hedges, and we are evaluating this. The future also versus the
spot price, they have differences. And there are some opportunities in terms of the inventory that we're
exploring, but they are limited.

Kenneth B. Goldman
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And very quickly as a follow-up. You are maintaining your CapEx guidance. Most food companies
have lowered their CapEx guidance. Can you just talk about whether you consider at all deferring some
capital projects into 2021 and whether that was a strong consideration? Or what made you decide to keep
the CapEx as it is?

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Listen, we are -- as Miguel and Carlos mentioned, we are -- we have our clear strategic view. We have
some relevant projects that we have. Our -- as we are discussing our cash flow position, and our visibility
of the business is strong in terms of cash. We are -- of course, we are reevaluating -- or we're planning
the type of CapEx and the types of equipment that we will do and the timing that we're going to get them
through the year. But we want to keep the investment and want to keep the execution that we plan for the
year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

I think I'm going to pivot to private label. In the past, Kraft has had trouble maintaining market share
versus private label during times of commodity volatility. Your shares are up right now. What do you think
retailers are going to do about their private label merchandising in the back half of the year, especially
given there's a likelihood of a recession? Do you have any concerns that categories, like cheese or meats,
might see more pressure than you're seeing right now from private label?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Look, Robert, I think in times of uncertainty, consumers turn to brands that they trust. They want to
experiment less. They want to experiment less with new brands. And that's what we're seeing right
now. Now our brands represent comfort for people. And I think that the consumers are coming back to
big brands. As a result, our leading iconic brands are growing household penetration in almost every
market, especially the developed markets like U.S., like Canada, like U.K. So I think it's critical that we
continue investing behind our brands to reassert the advantage that we have in taste, in performance
and in value. And I think also that for our customers, reliability and availability are extremely important
in this environment. And this is where agility can -- with scale, can really set you apart. I think that we
are working with our customers in a very, very, very agile and close way. And I don't -- and this is what's
happening right now, yes.

Robert Bain Moskow
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Yes, I totally agree. But are you monitoring your price gaps? Maybe the price gaps don't matter that much
today, but have they expanded since you initiated price increases in the start of the year? Or is it just too
volatile to know?

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Listen, I think if you think about the fact that when we went through this process of the crisis, we actually
were able to think about working with our customers what is the best way for us to actually reduce some
of the promotional events that was happening right now in the marketplace. So both because of the fact
that our inventories were a challenge and then we work with our customer to make sure we actually got to
the right events that we wanted to have in the marketplace in places that we, in fact, had better inventory.
As we're going back and going forward, we'll see that potentially, our -- we'll be able to actually go back
and start thinking about what is the promotional events that we can then pull back in the market to work
in the right pricing, but that's only once we have the inventories back in place that we wanted in the year
to go.

Operator

Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I guess, maybe to follow up a little bit on Rob's question. You went into this year with plans to increase
marketing, also some product renovation and product innovation. So maybe could you talk about just how
this situation has altered your plans? Are you still expecting to bring some innovation to market this year
and maybe also just how retailers are thinking about new products and product pipeline?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Sure. Bryan, Miguel. We disclosed in previous calls that it was in our plan, in our budget to increase media
around 30% this year, although this increase would be from -- paid from within. So marketing shouldn't
have a substantial growth, but media would grow 30%. It's our intention to keep the investments on
our brands and even evaluating, right now, if we shouldn't even put more to create the momentum and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

especially to keep the penetration that we are seeing, the increasing penetration of our brands with our
consumers.

Regarding innovation, we postponed a lot of innovation. Talking with our customers, we thought, actually,
that was the best thing to do because at this moment, what we are doing is actually reducing the number
of SKUs that we are producing, so we can have better productivity in our lines. And we both thought it was
not the best moment of introducing innovation, so they were postponed.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Let me just add a couple of things, Miguel. One, in terms of the marketing and what we're seeing is,
listen, I think that Miguel said, we're committed to, in fact, spend more nor less. Now what you're going
to be seeing is that we will actually rebalance our lower marketing spend, so that it can better reflect
the healthful gains we're making and the new consumers that now have come to our franchise. So as
we speak, we're actually looking at what is the right media, the right channels for us to reach those new
consumers that now have come into our franchises. Already, some of that work is underway. And I think --
let me just give you a couple of examples how that translate into the marketplace. We're actually making
some adjustment on things like the Oscar Mayer Front Yard Cookout, a way for us to stimulate during the
grilling season, that kind of behavior with our brands. You're also seeing things like our Heinz For Diner
Support, a way for -- actually for us to give back to our diners in a moment in which they really need us.

And then just switching -- just one additional comment on the innovation part of the question. What I'll
tell you is that it's completely aligned with Miguel in terms of us adjusting some of the innovation. And
in general terms, I think that we will continue to evaluate innovation as we think through the lens of
capacity. The one likely challenging all this on innovation have to do with our foodservice. We are seeing
already some restaurants that actually are shifting from things like tabletop to more portion control. We're
working to adapt. I think we have a very agile organization that allows us to make that shift. And we're
working with our customers to make sure we're -- that we supply them in the way they need now going
forward.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

All right. That's very helpful. And just as a clarification, in terms of marketing and advertising levels, the
planned increases that you had for your budget this year are still embedded in the expectations. So it's
not like the marketing budget or advertising is going to be lower this year and has to go up again next
year. At least, as you know now, you're planning to spend what you're originally expected to spend.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

That is correct.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steven Strycula with UBS.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Quick clarification to Bryan's question. For the innovation slate that was pushed out, Miguel, can you
clarify whether that was to the back half or the back-to-school season of this year? Or is that maybe even
a little bit further into 2021?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

No. We are talking about what we had in the pipeline for this year. Yes, for the midyear, for back-to-school
and towards the end of the year. So we're talking about the remaining of the year, not 2021.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Okay. That's Great. And then a more fundamental question, I would say, is as we think about going into
Investor Day, one thing that you emphasized was the importance of scale in global platforms. When you
look across the portfolio, which platforms do you define as being the most scalable and relevant as food
is a little bit of a local business? And then in the past, when Kraft and -- was first put together with Heinz,
the company was emphasizing the degree of #1 brands that were in the portfolio. So my question is,
how is scale may be underutilized in the past? And how can a new strategy may be better execute and
leverage that scale relative to how it was the last few years?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Look, I think that scale is a critical work for us and what makes us different. We -- especially in North
America, we have scale. Now scale has to come with agility because if you have scale and you are not
agile, that goes against you. But if you have agility of scale, it can be a killing combination. And I think
that for us is very important. I think that the business in the past was managed almost by category. And
then when you do that, it's like slicing the company in pieces. I think what we have to do is exactly take
advantage of the commonalities, the scale that we have. And when you find these commonalities, then a
lot of things come with it, insights, synergies. And so yes, I think that, for us, we are absolutely intrigued
with the benefits of agility at scale at this moment.

Talking specifically about what can be global. What is global, what can be global and will be global is our
ability to win in products that add taste and flavor to foods. And instead of talking about ketchup and
mustard and mayonnaise, if you think about what are the products that actually enhance taste to food
and what are the insights and the synergies that are behind, this is pretty exciting for us. So that's the
way we are looking at. So when we think about platforms, we are starting with consumers, understanding
what are the consumer needs, what are the main reasons, what the consumer is looking for, and putting
these categories, these products, these brands together, looking at commonalities of consumer needs,
occasions, which is pretty exciting. And this is with -- in China, maybe the enhancer's tastes are different,
but the need is the same than here in United States. And we can leverage a lot to our global scale by
understanding these needs in depth.

Talking about brands global because you asked about that, I think that we have Heinz as definitely a big
global brand that we see every day more potential. And then we have the local jewels, right? We have
Masters in China. We have Quero in Brazil. We have ABC in Indonesia. That are brands that are local and
were designed to enhance taste of local food. Not going through a lot of details because we don't have
time for that, Steve. That would be what I would tell you.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alexia Howard with Bernstein.

Alexia Jane Burland Howard
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Can I ask about your ability to sustain higher levels of production on the grocery side of the business,
while restaurant traffic is down? I know you closed 2 -- I believe you closed 2 foodservice plants in the
U.S. and 1 in the U.K. So presumably, that's not easy to flex into grocery. Have your grocery have respond
-- produced the same double-digit volume growth while the restaurant traffic is weak? And then as a quick
follow-up, how secure is your supply of meat given what we're hearing from the meat processing plants
at the moment with some of your competitors back at [indiscernible] in meat? is that potentially a risk for
you if you can't secure supply?

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Okay. Let me give you a color of -- more a global color on supply, and then I will ask Carlos to comment
things specifically to U.S. We have, at the moment, all our factories open. It's true that some of our
foodservice factories are with very low production because of the reduction of demand. But we have
80 factories in the world, and they are all -- that are all working. To date, our supply chain has been
stable, and the team is showing that -- how strong we are. There's a huge sense of pride right now in our
factories. Morale is very high. Safety is our #1 priority. And of course, there are risks in supply chain, but I
think we've done a very good job on keeping our people safe. We have been very fast to adapt within our
factories and distribution. Example, social distancing in the factories, we were very, very early to adopt it:
PPEs, like using masks, gloves, face guards, temperature checks, health certification in all our factories.
We are communicating regularly -- very regularly daily with our teams. We have a task force daily routine
with operations to monitor and to respond everything very quickly.

In procurement, the team has made sure that we have adequate supplies to meet the spike in demand.
We were building scenarios very, very early. When things started happening in China, we start increasing
inventories of critical materials and finding access to materials that we thought we could have problems.
So far, we haven't had any problem with procurement.

In manufacturing and distribution, our frontline people are really the heroes. We are working 3 shifts in
many of our factories. We are keeping our plants running 24/7. And we are showing a lot of agility with a
huge sense of duty and responsibility. We are taking actions to accelerate the decomplexity and improve
the throughput. We are benefiting from process improvements and sharing and adapting best practices
around the world. Maybe, Carlos, you want to give a perspective on U.S., specifically on the question.

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Yes. Well, I think -- Miguel, I think you've covered the overall supply chain and how we're feeling about
it. Just to go deeper then in terms of what's happening here in the U.S. I think in the news, you have
all heard, there's been a certain amount of constraint happening right now within the meat processing.
Well, as Miguel said, I'm pretty proud of the fact that as an organization, we took actions early, the point
that Miguel made around safety being the #1 priority, the elements that we put in our factories to protect
our overall meat supply chain, social distancing, PPE, temperature checks, twice-a-day operation calls
to make sure that we are sharing best practices and have adapted quickly to a situation. Today, we're
basically pulling all levers to make sure that we make meat available to our consumers as fast as we can.
We believe that, right now, the way we are seeing the outlook for Q2 is actually manageable with the
information that we share with you. Thanks for the question.

Operator

And our final question comes from David Palmer with Evercore ISI.

Kevin John Lehmann
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

It's actually Kevin Lehmann on for David. It looks like the U.S. segment saw reduced promo spend in
Q1, but then higher promo spend in Canada. Certainly, the company is experiencing more supply chain
inflation lately to keep up, of course, with at-home demand. And then you just mentioned meat and dairy
volatility. Can you help us organize perhaps the biggest buckets of higher and lower costs in 2020 that we
should expect to continue that are directly related to COVID?

Carlos A. Abrams-Rivera
U.S. Zone President

Let me just tell you, first, in terms of our overall promotion strategy in the U.S. and then I'll have Paulo
add some additional information. When we look at the world, as I mentioned earlier, we saw that, initially,
the -- because of the tightness of the inventories at the moment of the surge that occur, we actually
were able to work with our customers to reduce our promotional spending. We were very specific about
where the places that we were actually going to reduce their promotional spend and then work with
our customers to then, say, as inventories improve and we go forward, we'll be able to then judiciously

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

bring those promotions back to -- into the pipeline in the year to go events that we were looking at. So
that it continues to be in evaluation. I think we are in constant communication with our customer, which
actually has only improved the way we are managing through this together to make sure we have the
right availability of product at the right promotional events only as the customers have needed to be the
particular situation that they're facing. Paulo, if you want to add something.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Sorry, I don't know if I understood correctly the first part of the question. I don't know if your
question was about Canada. Do you want to -- can you clarify a little bit the second part of the question,
please?

Kevin John Lehmann
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes, just helping us organize the elevated costs or the lower costs that we should expect in 2020 that are
specifically related to the COVID crisis, whether it's -- I mean, you touched on the promo changes, but
also commodity volatility, supply chain that are specifically related to pantry loading and COVID-related
items.

Paulo Luiz Araujo Basilio
Global Chief Financial Officer

Okay. So I think trying to organize, we have, like, clearly, the -- as a consequence, some benefit in
commodities that I've already discussed. And again, the numbers are already discussed in our Q2 outlook.
I think there is another component, that is the component of the additional cost that we have in the
business to keep the business running as we go through this situation in terms of additional cost for ramp-
up, the capacity, incentives that we need to give for our frontline workers, additional equipment that we
need to have, I think, overall, all of those costs, they are happening with us. They are growing, but I
would say that they are manageable, okay, and we are managing them. And they are also included in this
outlook of Q2 that we have. So I think the -- in a high level that I would -- it's split would be like we have
this commodity, a situation that we're seeing today. We have this additional cost. And on the other side,
we have a better productivity from our lines, from our plants being brought by the higher volume that we
have.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the
call back over to Chris Jakubik for any closing remarks.

Christopher M. Jakubik
Head of Global Investor Relations

Thanks very much, and thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. For the analysts that have follow-
up questions, myself and Andy Larkin will be available for you. And for anyone in the media, Michael
Mullen will be available to take your calls. Thanks very much, and have a great day.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE KRAFT HEINZ COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

