The Allstate Corporation NYSE:ALL
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, February 04, 2021 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

3.82

5.87

53.66

4.03

12.70

14.73

15.98

12.62

9670.72

9279.00

(4.05 %)

10404.98

40059.64

37073.00

(7.46 %)

42304.06

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-04-2021 10:34 AM GMT

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

3.31

1.62

1.76

3.82

3.54

2.46

2.94

5.87

6.95 %

51.85 %

67.05 %

53.66 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-
Liability of AIC

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Mark Nogal
Head of Investor Relations

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Unknown Executive

ANALYSTS

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Gary Kent Ransom
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to The Allstate Fourth Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program is being recorded.

And now I'd like to introduce your host for today's program, Mark Nogal. Please go ahead, sir.

Mark Nogal
Head of Investor Relations

Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Allstate's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings
Conference Call. After prepared remarks, we'll have a question-and-answer session.

Yesterday, following the close of the market, we issued our news release and investor supplement and
posted today's presentation on our website at allstateinvestors.com. Our management team is here to
provide perspective on these results.

As noted on the first slide of the presentation, our discussion will contain non-GAAP measures for which
there are reconciliations in the news release and investor supplement and forward-looking statements
about Allstate's operations. Allstate's results may differ materially from these statements. So please refer
to the 10-K for 2019 and other public documents for information on potential risks.

And now I'll turn it over to Tom.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Good morning. Thank you for joining us. Amidst the pandemic, Allstate delivered really attractive returns
while building higher growth business models in 2020. Exceptional progress is made building higher
growth business models to execute our strategy of increasing market share in personal property-liability
and expanding protection offered to customers. And as you know, one of our key focuses this year was
transitioning the personal property-liability business to higher growth, we took decisive action. And despite
the operational complexity of these actions, maintained Allstate brand property-liability policies in force.
We'll take you through a reconciliation of the various components of this, and you'll see the path to
growth. We made excellent progress in expanding protection offered to customers, with total policies in
force increasing by 20.5% to nearly $176 million.

We took advantage of the decline in auto frequency, auto accident frequency, and our cost reductions
to improve our competitive price position in auto insurance while maintaining attractive returns. The
acquisition of National General is expected to increase auto insurance market share by 1 percentage
point in 2021 and provides another platform for growth as we expand its product breadth. These changes
position Allstate for sustainable long-term growth. At the same time, Allstate generated strong profitability
and returns in 2020.

Net income was $2.6 billion in the fourth quarter, and adjusted net income was $1.8 billion or $5.87
per diluted share. This was driven by lower frequency of auto accident, continued strong profitability of
homeowners insurance and higher performance-based investment income. Net income was $5.5 billion,
and adjusted net income was $4.6 billion for the year. This represents a 19.8% return on equity, far in
excess of most insurance companies.

Our strategy to increase market share in personal Property-Liability while expanding protection services to
customers will increase shareholder value. Higher Property-Liability growth with attractive returns, rapidly
growing protection services expand our total addressable market. And this growth, combined with our
proactive capital deployment strategy, supports returns on equity above the insurance industry and are
comparable to the S&P 500.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Slide 3 is there to touch base on the strategy [indiscernible]. So we're not going to spend time on
that. So let's move to Slide 4 and discuss this strategy as it relates to the Property-Liability business. A
transformative growth has become more than a plan. It's about creating a business model, capabilities
and culture that continually transform to deliver market share growth. This is done by focusing on the
customer, expanding access and improving value.

Expanding access includes all the ways customers choose to interact, exclusive agents directly through
call centers and the web and independent agents. The largest part of this change was transitioning our
exclusive agent and direct businesses that operate under the Allstate brand. This gave us the ability to
lower costs, leverage scale and increase advertising. This transaction is successfully being implemented,
and we achieved key milestones in 2020.

We were pleased with new business growth from existing Allstate agents who remain key to serving our
customers and growing. Property-Liability business from existing agents met our goals, except for the
pandemic slowdown in March and April where, of course, nobody was buying anything and as we shifted
commission to new sales from retention.

We're testing new agent models with less real estate and more efficient service enabled by technology
with the goal of having strong local personal relationships with customers. These models will also create
learnings to enable existing agents to achieve higher growth. As a result of that, we did stop appointing
new Allstate agents in early 2020 while a higher growth in lower cost models being developed. This had
a negative impact on points of presence and new business sales. At the same time, we increased direct
sales. The net was that overall policies in force remained the same through the transition despite a drop
in retention, which was concurrent with the ending of the special payment plans related to the pandemic.
Glenn will take you through that reconciliation in a couple of minutes.

The acquisition of National General in January also improves growth prospects. And as you know, this is
essentially a reverse merger. The National General team is joining Allstate, and they're consolidating our
independent agent businesses, encompassing AIA into their operational and technology platform. Then
we're going to be able to broaden National General's product portfolio using Allstate standard auto and
homeowners insurance capabilities, which will create growth through independent agents.

We also made great progress at improving customer value last year. From a customer value standpoint,
we've maintained attractive margins through cost reductions while investing in growth. This includes
improving the competitive price position of auto insurance through targeted rate reductions and a direct
pricing discount. And while most of these changes are due to the lower frequency of auto accidents, we
are also reducing cost to ensure we continue to generate attractive margins.

We're also expanding our industry-leading telematics offerings, Drivewise and Milewise, to further improve
our value proposition and improving pricing position. We're the only company that major companies selling
Milewise, which is very attractive to customers today because they're not driving as much.

Our goal is not just to execute this plan but to continually generate transformational growth. We have the
brand, market position, resources, capabilities and strategy to deliver this for shareholders. An extensive
Allstate agent platform delivers more value per dollar to customers than competitors: A direct business
utilizing the Allstate brand, competitive prices, broad product offerings and our insurance expertise; an
independent agent business with national distribution and strong position in both auto and homeowners
insurance; and protection services with innovative business models and expanding total addressable
markets. We're well on our way to achieving this goal after putting the foundational elements into place
last year.

Let's move to Slide 4 to discuss Allstate's excellent financial performance in 2020. Revenues of $12 billion
in the fourth quarter increased 4.8% to the prior year quarter, with total revenues for the year reaching
$44.8 billion, which is primarily driven by higher premiums earned, which is partially offset then by lower
net investment income. Net income was $2.6 billion for the fourth quarter and $5.5 billion for the full year
2020. Adjusted net income was $1.8 billion or $5.87 per diluted share in the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

For the full year, adjusted net income increased to $4.6 billion or $14.73 per diluted share. We had strong
profitability in both auto and homeowners insurance. Adjusted net income return on equity is 19.8% over
the last 12 months, exceeding our range of 14% to 17%, which is near the top of the insurance industry.

Now I'll turn it over to Glenn to discuss the transition of the Property-Liability businesses to higher growth.

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Thanks, Tom. Let's go to Slide 6. We'll discuss how Allstate is increasing Property-Liability market share
while maintaining attractive returns. With the foundational work completed in 2020, Allstate is positioned
to grow market share in '21 while developing a leading position in all 3 primary distribution channels in
Property-Liability. Some of the actions taken in '20 have impacted growth in the near term, but they were
critical to advancing transformative growth in the longer term.

Starting with Allstate exclusive agents who serve customers that value local advice and relationships.
We're focused on accelerating growth and improving efficiency. Allstate agents continue to be a core
strength of our organization. We're further strengthening that model by focusing on new business growth
and lowering costs by improving marketing effectiveness, centralizing customer services and enhancing
customer connectivity.

Leveraging Esurance's direct capabilities under the Allstate brand, we've created an omnichannel
experience that meets the customer where, how and when they want to interact with us. We completed
the integration of direct processes and systems in 2020 and expect direct sold business to continue to
accelerate.

As Tom mentioned, National General is another exciting growth platform for us. I mean National General's
independent agent-facing technology is among the best in the industry, and then our combined agency
footprint covers the vast majority of the U.S. market. So as we expand products on the National General
platform, we're going to be in a position to grow share in the IA channel. The totality of this go-to-market
model with strong capabilities in each distribution channel is designed to generate higher growth.

Allstate's leading pricing and claims capabilities, including our strength in telematics, puts us in a strong
competitive position. We're also enhancing our price competitiveness while maintaining attractive returns.
The impact of the pandemic on miles driven and lower costs for auto losses gave us an opportunity to
improve auto affordability through targeted rate reductions. We've also lowered underwriting expenses,
as Tom mentioned. They're down 1.9 points over the last 2 years when excluding restructuring and
coronavirus-related expenses. These efficiencies and continued cost structure reductions allow us to
improve pricing relative to competitors while generating excellent returns.

Allstate has a strong record of profitability across lines of business and in different market conditions. The
average combined ratio in auto insurance over the last 5 years was 94.4, and that excludes, obviously,
2020 results, which were influenced by the pandemic. We're equally strong in homeowners, where we
averaged a combined ratio of 89.5 over the last 5 years. And that reflects the higher cost of capital or the
higher capital requirements, I should say, in homeowners product versus auto. The point is we expect to
grow, and we expect to earn really attractive returns.

So let's go to Slide 7, and we're going to discuss National General, the acquisition in a little more detail.
On January 4, Allstate closed the $4 billion acquisition of National General. We are incredibly excited about
the opportunity ahead with National General and how this advances our strategy to grow personal lines.
And it gives us an estimated increase of over 1 percentage point of total personal Property-Liability market
share. Allstate is now a top 5 personal lines carrier in the IA channel with significantly better competitive
position.

We utilize National General as our independent agent platform by consolidating our Encompass and
Allstate independent agency operations into the new entity, which will be branded National General
and Allstate company. We expect to grow by rolling out new standard auto and homeowners insurance
offerings starting later this year and completing countrywide deployment in less than 2 years.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Consistent with past acquisitions, we've developed measures of success, and we're showing those in
the bottom of this slide. First, we expect the acquisition to be accretive with growing earnings, adding
to returns and total profit. Second, we expect to achieve synergies by consolidating the 3 IA channel
businesses into one, improving our competitive position. Third, we'll grow IA channel policies in force by
broadening the product offering to fully meet customer needs for auto, home, other personal lines and
from nonstandard to middle market to mass affluent. We'll continue to provide updates on our success in
this channel as we report our National General brand results in the first quarter.

Moving to Slide 8, let's delve deeper into how we've strengthened Allstate branded Property-Liability
distribution. As we said before, some of the actions we took in 2020 negatively impacted near-term
growth while accelerating it in other areas. We supported Allstate agents to increase new business growth
in 2020, with the exception of March and April, the beginning of the pandemic when things slowed down.
At the same time, we stopped appointing new Allstate agents while higher growth and lower cost models
are being developed, and that had a negative impact on new business. And as Tom mentioned earlier, we
expect the new models are going to create learnings that enable our existing agents to achieve higher
growth, too.

The chart on the lower left breaks down Allstate's personal auto new business applications compared to
the prior year. If you exclude the declines in March and April due to the pandemic, Allstate brand new
business increased with an improving trajectory throughout the year. The red bar on the far left of the
chart shows the estimated unfavorable impact of the pandemic on new business in March and April.

Moving to the right, you can see the negative impact of stopping new agent appointments during 2020,
but that was partially offset by an increase in existing EA production. And that shows the viability of
growth with those existing agents when we just made a slight compensation change towards new business
from renewal. They just have a great opportunity to grow.

Moving to the center of the chart. The total direct channel increased compared to prior year, and this is the
combined Allstate and Esurance view. And it's because Allstate brand direct applications more than offset
the decline in Esurance brand. That reflects the redirection of branding investments and resources from
Esurance to Allstate brand. We expect continued growth in the direct channel as we optimize web and call
center sales capabilities.

A relatively small number of independent agents operate under the Allstate brand and had a small positive
impact on overall growth but a really nice percentage increase among that group. And it highlights the
growth opportunity we have going forward in the IA channel as we transition those appointments to
National General over time, expand National General's product offerings upmarket and endorse the brand
as an Allstate company.

The overall Allstate and Esurance policies in force maintained prior year levels in 2020 as we managed
through significant change in our operating model and had a small decrease in retention levels, which you
can see all of that in the lower right. Total Property-Liability policies in force declined slightly, driven by the
Encompass brand, which will be integrated in the National General's platform in 2021.

Now I'll turn it over to Mario to discuss the rest of our quarterly results.

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Glenn. Let's turn to Slide 9 to discuss the performance of our Property-Liability business.
Property-Liability results remained strong with excellent recorded and underlying profitability. Net written
premium declined in the fourth quarter by 1.5%. While homeowners premium grew 3.2% from the prior
year quarter due to average premium and policy growth, this was more than offset by a modest decline in
auto insurance premiums, driven by premium refunds.

Underwriting income of $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter and $4.4 billion for the full year, increased
relative to the prior year by $420 million and $1.6 billion, respectively. As shown in the chart on the lower
left, the recorded combined ratio of 84 in the fourth quarter improved 4.7 points compared to the prior
year. This improvement was primarily attributable to a lower underlying loss ratio in auto insurance, driven

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

by fewer auto accidents, partially offset by higher auto insurance claim severity and a slightly adverse
underlying loss ratio in homeowners insurance compared to prior year.

Homeowners continues to generate attractive returns, with a recorded combined ratio of 78.5 in the
fourth quarter and 90.0 for the full year 2020. Additionally, the underlying combined ratio performance
has consistently achieved our low 60s target, which speaks to our expertise in managing this business.
Favorable underlying loss ratios were partially offset by higher catastrophe losses along with restructuring
charges related to transformative growth.

The underwriting expense ratio improved 0.2 points compared to the prior year quarter, which reflects a
0.6 point improvement in the expense ratio, excluding restructuring costs, partially offset by 0.4 points of
restructuring. As you can see from the chart on the bottom right, when excluding restructuring charges
and impacts from actions taken as a result of coronavirus, the expense ratio improved 1 point in 2020 and
1.9 points over the past 2 years, demonstrating continued progress toward the goal of reducing our cost
structure to maintain returns while improving the competitive price position of auto insurance.

Shifting to Slide 10. Let's discuss protection services, which were formerly known as our Service
Businesses. Protection services revenues, excluding the impact of realized gains and losses, increased
17.5% to $497 million in the fourth quarter, reaching $1.9 billion for the full year. Allstate Protection plans
continued to deliver significant growth, ending the year with nearly $1 billion in revenue. Policies in force
increased 28.6% to $136 million, driven by Allstate Protection Plans.

As shown in the table on the bottom right, adjusted net income was $38 million in the fourth quarter and
$153 million for the full year, representing increases compared to the prior year of $35 million and $115
million, respectively. The increase in both periods was driven by growth of Allstate Protection Plans and
improved profitability at Allstate Roadside Services.

Now let's turn to Slide 11, which highlights investment performance for the fourth quarter. The chart on
the left shows net investment income totaled nearly $1.2 billion in the quarter, which was $502 million
above the prior year quarter, driven by higher performance-based income. Performance-based income
totaled $557 million in the fourth quarter, as shown in gray, primarily from higher private equity valuations
and gains from sales of underlying investments. Market-based income, shown in blue, was $63 million
below the prior year quarter. With lower interest rates, our reinvestment rates remained below the
average interest-bearing portfolio yield, reducing income.

GAAP total returns are shown in the table on the right. Our 2020 portfolio return totaled 7.1%, reflecting
income generation and higher fixed income and public equity valuations. Our performance-based
investment return was 7% for the quarter and 4.9% for the full year. Our performance-based strategy
has a longer-term investment horizon and higher but more volatile return expectations compared to the
market-based portfolio. The compound annual rate of return on the performance-based portfolio is 8.8%
over the past 5 years, as shown in the bottom right of the table, exceeding the market-based portfolio
return by 330 basis points.

Let's move now to Slide 12 and review results for Allstate Life, Benefits and Annuities. Allstate Life, shown
on the left, recorded adjusted net income of $56 million in the fourth quarter, $20 million below the prior
year, primarily driven by higher contract benefits as coronavirus death claims totaled approximately $30
million in the quarter.

Allstate Benefits adjusted net income of $34 million in the fourth quarter was $18 million higher than the
prior year quarter, reflecting lower benefit utilization, likely due to the coronavirus and the nonrenewal of a
large underperforming account in 2019. Allstate Annuities had adjusted net income of $160 million in the
fourth quarter, attributable to strong investment income generated from the performance-based portfolio.

Starting in the first quarter of this year, the majority of the Allstate Life and Annuities business will be
classified as held for sale on our balance sheet and results will be presented as discontinued operations
following our recently announced agreement to sell Allstate Life Insurance Company.

Now let's move to Slide 13, which highlights Allstate's attractive returns and strong capital position.
Allstate continued to generate returns that are among the highest in the insurance industry with an

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

adjusted net income return on equity of 19.8%. Excellent capital management and strong cash flows
have enabled Allstate to return cash to shareholders while simultaneously investing in growth, a capital
deployment strategy, which leads to increased shareholder value.

Investing in growth opportunities remains a priority, as evidenced by our investments in building higher-
growth models and completing the $4 billion acquisition of National General. We also continue to provide
cash returns to shareholders.

In September, Allstate executed a $750 million accelerated share repurchase agreement. And upon
completion on January 12, $1.45 billion remains on the $3 billion common share repurchase authorization,
which we expect to complete by the end of 2021. We returned $2.4 billion to common shareholders
in 2020 through a combination of $1.7 billion in share repurchases and $668 million in common stock
dividends.

Last week, we announced the pending sale of Allstate Life Insurance Company which will enable us to
redeploy up to $2.2 billion of capital out of lower growth and return businesses with minimal impact to our
2-part strategy.
With that context, let's open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Bank of America.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

One thing that really didn't get express, maybe you can talk about is the extent to which we're seeing
buy downs to like pay per mile products and whatnot or unbundling is going on that you're keeping the
homeowners and not the auto. To what extent is a customer being shrinking their wallet with Allstate
taking place in this transition?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Josh, this is Tom. I'll start and then get Glenn to talk a little bit about Milewise and our success there.
First, we don't really see an unbundling. I know you mentioned that in your report. Our actually bundling
percentage went up. That doesn't mean that it's not happening, and we just don't see it, but we're seeing
our bundling actually go up.

As it relates to the buying down and sort of getting lower average premium, I think what you're seeing is
through telematics is more accurate prices, the way I would describe it. And so if you look at our -- the
total revenues we take in and then what we pay out, we -- as Glenn showed consistently made money in
auto insurance for a long period of time. That will change by customer.

So if somebody gets Milewise and they only drive 2,000 miles a year and pay less, then there'll be
somebody else who will have to charge more. So we maintain that overall profitability. So we see it as
a good thing that people get the most accurate price, particularly since we're more sophisticated than
most of the industry, and we have some of the tools like telematics. Glenn, what would you add to either
bundling or telematics?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes. So thanks for the question, Josh. I think on the bundling side, I would look it as it actually -- I'd flip
it the way Tom did there, we're actually seeing some increase in bundling, and I think that's helping our
homeowners. So part of the story in the homeowners growth, it's only part because we got a lot of good
parts of the story and homeowners there is bundling.

In terms of Milewise and Drivewise, I'll talk about both of them, we definitely see the increased demand.
So right now, we have Milewise available to 45% of the market, and we're continuing this year to roll
out to more states. And we have Drivewise just about everybody is 1 state that doesn't allow it. But the
demand for telematics has gone significantly up. Milewise, for example, admittedly a relatively small base,
but was up 35% in terms of sales.

So people are looking at the pandemic. They're not driving as much. It's -- we're advertising it a little bit,
and we're getting a lot of people interested in the notion of pay by mile. From a Drivewise standpoint,
most people really want to now include the telematics as part of their offering from us. So we're seeing a
nice upswing on the demand post pandemic.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

Okay. I'm going to try and digest all that and figure out how it works. If we can go to the slides you
prepared on Page 8, you have this very interesting slide about new issued applications. I'm trying to
understand it a little bit better. First of all, when it says Allstate brand direct submissions were up but
Esurance was down. Is that 4 months of Allstate brand direct and 8 months of Esurance? When we should
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

think about that not only is Allstate brand bring in more customers than Esurance, but it's a smaller time
line. Is this the right way to think about that?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

No, those numbers are for the entire year. And what we're trying to show there is that we've made --
successfully made the transition to the Allstate brand selling direct, both operationally, which wasn't
simple, by the way, in terms of changing web flows and all kinds of other stuff. They're getting the
branding changed and putting the price discount in if you buy direct under the Allstate brand because it
doesn't come with an agent. So we've made that change. And what that shows is that overall, we did --
we grew.

There's -- we did keep selling some under the Esurance brand, those companies, because they're
open, they're -- people call -- get on our website, they track their way down to it. So it's really low cost
business. So we didn't completely shut off, Josh, the Esurance. So you can still buy. Over time, it will go
away as we quit advertising it and quit doing and people quit coming to that website. So what it's really
trying to show there is that we've made the turn indirect, and we feel good about our ability to operate
under one brand, and there were many people who didn't think that was possible, whether that was
perceived channel conflict or just operational capabilities.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Securities, Research Division

And then on the EA channel part, is the -- a significant portion of annual of new policies coming through
the EA channel coming from new appointments? If we don't do a lot of new appointments going forward,
should we expect that's a multiyear issue in terms of growth in the EA channel?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

I don't think you should think it's a multiyear issue. Obviously, Glenn mentioned we're trying to -- we are
working on creating some new higher growth models, and he can talk you through that in a second here.
The part that may not be as obvious is in the -- putting the under -- putting Allstate agents onboarding
them with the old model, the commissions were substantially higher than you pay to an existing agent.
And the idea being if you open an office and you got nobody coming in, you sell the first policy, you need
to make some money, and the commissions were quite high there.

What Glenn is working on is coming up with a model where an agent can build the business and be
successful without us having to incur the additional cost upfront to build it, which kind of rolled out over 3
to 5 years, it was expensive. And so we made the -- what we thought -- what we made was the economic
choice which was save shareholder money, don't keep investing in a model that you think you get a better
one for and then get the -- make sure the existing agents continue to grow. Glenn, do you want to talk
about the new agents and then what you've done with the existing agents as well?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes, absolutely. So -- and I always want to emphasize on this. The -- our exclusive agents are a huge
strategic advantage for us and a core capability for Allstate. As much as we talk about, and I'm excited
about the direct growth and what we can do in the independent agent channel, it's still the -- a large,
large channel out there and a lot of customers really like to go to a local agent and a branded agent like
an Allstate agent to go there. So it's a great model for us, and we want those agents to keep winning.

So what we've done with existing agents is, as you know, we've shifted compensation a little bit. We've
motivated more on the new business side than just on the renewal side. But we're also working with them
on the way we market. We're putting more money into marketing. We really want them to be successful.
From a new agent standpoint, we've got a few models in market right now. And without going too detailed

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

into it, the general theme would be, if you think about the virtual world we're operating in, can you have a
local agent that doesn't really require brick-and-mortar?

And we think the answer is yes to that, that there's an opportunity for agents to be a local point of sale,
people who are active in the community, people who have relationships locally and sell through those
relationships in their communities, but don't necessarily have a staff and have a brick-and-mortar office
where we perform the back-end service in a more centralized way. It's a significantly lower cost model to
get started, as Tom mentioned, and one that we're pretty bullish on our ability to scale.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James.

Charles Gregory Peters
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

My first question is around price and competitive positioning. Obviously, we're listening to when watching
the new products that you're rolling out the product enhancements and the focus on profitable growth.
Your underlying combined ratio for the year is 79.3 is obviously a very excellent result. But do you think
that your price for your Allstate brand auto is competitive in the marketplace considering how profitable
the business is at the moment?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Greg, this is Tom. The answer is yes that we think we can be even more competitive. It's a complicated
question, of course, because with billions of price points, you -- in some segments, you're not competitive
at all because you don't want to be competitive because you think that somebody else is undercharging
and other places you want to be competitive. And the trick is where you want to be competitive, to be
competitive enough to win the business but not so competitive that you're giving away margin. And so we
have a very sophisticated approach of doing that.

We do think that we can shift -- we can change our pricing so we can be more competitive overall. But
yes, we look at our close rates, and we're right in the market. And that depends how we carry ourself too,
right? So if you look at us versus other people who have exclusive agents [indiscernible] and in general
we're very competitive. If you look at us versus direct, I'd say we're less so, which is why we made the
change to put in a direct discount on that business. So we are more competitive with -- because people
are not getting an agent, they don't want to pay for one. So I would say we're highly competitive. That
said, I think we can always be better. And when you look at what drives customers purchase price, a lot
of it's the price. Now you got to make sure you make enough money. And that's the trick. Glenn, anything
you would add to that?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Just a couple of things. I'll hit there. One would be, you mentioned, Tom, that close rates, like so we keep
a really close eye on our close rates and our close rates have improved. Our new business is up. I mean
you look at -- you're talking auto, but I'll say, auto and home, we were up 2% and 8%, respectively,
between -- on new business. So folks are buying the product, and you really can't sell the product if you're
out of the market from a competitive standpoint. So those are good signs that we are, but we're working
to get more competitive.

And the last point I'll make with it is, I always go back to this, we manage state by state. We have
a talented group of state managers that like they've got their hands on the lever in each state, and
they're looking at the competitive position, specifically in that market. And as Tom said, on which
types of business are we more or less competitive on younger drivers, older drivers, homeowners, not
homeowners, married, not married, all the different components in there, and they're pulling those levers
and getting us as competitive as we can be while earning attractive returns.

Charles Gregory Peters
Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Got it. I'd like to pivot to the expense ratio I think you -- the chart you put on Slide 9 of your presentation
and very strong improvement from 2018 to 2019 to 2020. So 2 questions -- 2-part questions with the
result and then going forward. How much of the 23.2 is benefited from reduced T&E because of lockdown?
Or look at a different way, I know you've been focused on integrated services platform and other tools, is
it an expectation that there -- you can drive further improvement in '21 and the expense ratio?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

So Mario has been our lead on cost reduction. Mario, do you want to take that?

Mario Rizzo
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Greg, thanks for the question. When you look at the expense ratio for the year and the
improvements we made, we came into the year really focused on taking cost out of 2 principal areas.
One was acquisition-related costs and the other one was operating costs, which your T&E component is a
part of that, but those are people-related costs and operations and those types of items. And that's really
what's driven the improvement once you take the noise of restructuring and pandemic-related costs out of
the equation. The improvement we've seen this year has really come from those 2 principal areas.

We've actually spent a little more on marketing, like we said we would as well. So -- but our reductions
in those 2 areas have really created the space for us to increase our growth-related investments. As
we go forward, as we've said on past calls, our focus is on continuing to drive our cost structure down
because it is a core part of our growth strategy. It's how we're going to be able to continue to improve
our competitive positioning in terms of auto insurance pricing and continuing to deliver really attractive
returns. So that's a core part of our strategy, and our focus is to continue to drive that ratio down.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a question, and, I believe, on one of the slides you had just talked about how you had a 94.4 average
combined ratio in the auto business over the last 5 years excluding 2020. That's obviously -- obviously,
2020 is an abnormal year. But is that sort of a level you're comfortable getting back to in order to return
to growth? And I guess, what sort of level are we willing to let that go to in order to accelerate growth?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

David, good question. I think I would go up all the way up to the top and say that what we said is we can
grow the market share on personal Property-Liability and as a company will deliver 14% to 17% return on
equity. And we believe that will drive lots of shareholder value, both in terms of economic value creation
and valuation multiples.

When you look specifically at the components of that, we have a headwind in investment income with low
interest rates. We do have and have had, for a long time, great profitability in auto insurance. We would
have put a longer period of time in there, but the pension accounting kind of change the way we did it. But
we've been earning great returns in the auto insurance business for a long time and expect to continue.

At a 94, you still earn a really attractive return on equity because of the -- you don't have to put up as
much capital on that line and some other lines. And so 94 would be -- we don't -- we like to make as
much money as we can and grow as fast as we can, and it's really about how do you drive net present
value for the whole company. So we don't have -- we don't publish and have a target of safety there. But

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

94 would be a return I would be highly comfortable with. I'd be comfortable with 93. I'd be comfortable
with 95. They're all really great returns.

The other part to focus on is homeowners insurance, where that's a higher capital return business, and
so we have a lower combined ratio there. And we're 10 to 15 points better than another large public
competitor, which is somewhere between $700 million and $1 billion a year of profit. So we think all of
those then add up to a 14% to 17% return. So we're comfortable we can grow the business and earn good
returns. And it will bounce around, as you saw -- as you mentioned this year, frequency went way down.

So we made a bunch more money. When if frequency goes back up, we'll just have to raise our prices
up. And the question is, are you good at it. And the point of putting those 2 statistics on the bottom of
that page was just to give our shareholders comfort that we have a history of managing returns and
profitability, and we expect to continue to do it. Not going to be the same every year because the world
changes, but we know how to make money.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Great. That's helpful, Tom. I appreciate that. And I guess just maybe switching gears a little bit to the
new appointed agents, and thanks for the slide on Chart 8 -- or Slide 8, I'm sorry, that was very helpful.
Some encouraging trends there. I guess I just wanted to ask on the new agents and appointments. Do
you expect that to still be a drag in '21? Or is that something that will turn from a drag to an addition to
new apps and to growth? Or is this -- is that something that you expect to still be a little bit of a drag as
these new models ramp-up?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

I'll make some overall comments, and then Glenn, you may want to make some comments. First, I would
say that when you do these year-over-year comparisons and sometimes I feel like the external view of
the company, you just look 1 year. And so next year, obviously, we won't have had them much for this
year. So [ it would ] actually be a negative versus the prior year. That said, I think the transition of Allstate
agents to higher growth and lower cost will have some bumps in it.

That said, as you see, when we -- the people we focus on, the existing agents that are doing well, they
know how to grow. They know their local market. They're aggressive salespeople. They have aggressive
salespeople working for them. And so I don't know that it's as simple as like that's now gone and we get
the new one. The new one, we think, should add additional volume for us, and Glenn can talk about how
that will roll out.

And then at the same time, the beauty of our strategy is as direct grows, it keeps our advertising money
highly effective because if we're not closing enough because through some agent changes, we can close
more in direct. So we have a fallback. We don't think we need it, but we got plenty of opportunity to
balance between those. Glenn, would you -- is there -- do you want to talk about the -- I think the view is
on the agents, we have a ways to go to actually figure it all out, but we're making good progress.

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes, and it's a great question. I think -- if you think about that chart and you look across at the direct
part, too, I think it's a similar story. Like -- I think 2020 is a story really good success. We've built the
foundation in that year and actually manage to grow more on the Allstate side than we lost on the
Esurance side. And so that's sort of an ideal scenario that while you're in the midst of the muck and the
mire of making a change like that, you actually are able to grow it.

We absolutely are making that type of change within the EA system, as we've said. We've got a lot of
agents out there that are phenomenal at what they do and they grow and we're going to invest with them
and have them be successful, and then we have a new model upcoming.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

I think the way to look at this is to across all 3 channels. With EAs, we will ramp up some time later
this year some new models and through next year. And so there's that coming as well as work with the
existing EAs that really know how to grow. With direct, we've really done a lot of the heavy lifting of
making the transition, and we should be able to continue to grow, and we're very confident in our ability
to continue to grow it.

With IA, which is really, for all intents and purposes, a bit of a new channel for us. I know we've had
Encompass in the small Allstate independent agents in there. But really jumping into the top 5 will start
like the first state will roll out in the third quarter of this year with new products going upmarket on the
National General platform, National General and Allstate company platform, and then multiple states per
month and like we'll be finished with the rollout across all 50 states through 2022. So you can kind of see
all of these things coming together, and we're building a long-term and sustainable growth platform across
all of the channels.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Got it. That's helpful. And if I -- and I think the new agent, the new EA agent strategy is -- I mean, it
sounds actually really promising. I guess one question I have is, are those new agents -- I guess, the
more remote exclusive agent, are those -- are they as productive as under the old brick-and-mortar
model?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

I would say we don't know yet. But we do think it will be lower cost, if you want to look at it that way.

David Kenneth Motemaden
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Yes, absolutely.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Right. You might have to have more people doing it. And then, David, you get a little bit of math because
the existing agents also have salespeople in their office. So when you do it by agent, but then they might
-- these people might be so low producers. So net-net, we think we know over half the people want to buy
from a person and having a person local is good. It's just the way we've traditionally done it hasn't given
us as much growth, and its costs don't need to be as high as they are today.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley.

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

You guys mentioned the impact on the end of the payment plans and the pandemic on retention and
growth in the quarter. I guess is -- I guess, Part A of this is, is there any way to quantify that? And what
I want to get at is, if so, how much of -- given that the EA is still the bulk of your business, how much of
-- was there a drag on retention because of things that you're doing with commissions and emphasis on
direct and everything else that's going on? So can we quantify that impact, one? And then how much of an
impact if everything else was on retention?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Well, Glenn can give you some detailed specifics on the year. Of course, retention is always hard to figure
out, right, because you have a bunch of stuff going on, you have people changing lifestyle, not driving as
much, some people shopping more. You have competitive moves. You have things that we did like shelter-

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

in-place payback and payment plan forgiveness -- not forgiveness, we just let you defer. And so as those
things roll through the system, it's kind of -- it's hard to do attribution on it.

That said, it was down this year, which, of course, we're focused on. The -- our Net Promoter Score really
peaked throughout the year. We got peaked in about July. When we were doing all the shelter-in-place
paybacks, it came down a little bit towards the end of the year, but not anything of any consequence or
significance. Glenn, do you want to make a comment about the actual retention numbers?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Yes. I don't know I can add a lot to what you said, Tom. I think you hit it well. I mean the retention is
in a decent range right now. So it's off of our highs that we hit. But we're within a long-term window on
retention of where we've operated. And certainly, all the things that Tom mentioned had a drag on it. We
know that the coming due of special payment plans had some drag on it in the competitive environment.

We know that there were some competitors out there that took some rate down. We also know that
people facing financial hardship either shop, some people even give up a car. So all of those things have
some play in it. And as you said, Tom, the attribution is next to impossible on that. But we're within a
decent range of our long-term retention, and we're focused on it. And of course, we want to retain every
customer that we work hard to get in the first place.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

And I think if the underlying question there was are existing agents performing well enough to keep
retention levels up or somehow made a mat or something like that, our answer there would be no, like we
don't see any in there that says that existing agents are doing anything that they haven't done before or
that they're not stepping up and helping their customers even more in the pandemic.

I mean they really reached out tons of calls on shelter-in-place and the payment plans and that kind
of stuff. So our agents were doing a great job. I don't think there's anything structurally in there as it
relates to this transition that says we're not. And I would point out that, that's a huge part of agent
compensation. So their interests are aligned with our interest, which is keeping our customers happy.

Michael Wayne Phillips
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. Second question, still on kind of channel mix. Near-term and longer-term question.
In the near term, I guess, just this year, you talked about a 1 point change in market share. Should we
expect that to be kind of even throughout the year or more back half weighted in terms of that market
share shifts? And then longer term, more interested in maybe 10 years down the road, what does Allstate
look like? How does this mix look, 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 or something still weighted towards EA and IA?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

We closed National General on January 4. So that in and of itself means we'll get that revenue for the
entire year. So you should expect to see total auto premiums go up throughout the year. We would expect
that as we continue to roll out things in the Allstate brand that we start to see some more growth in that
business over time. And yes, but we don't really give it out even do it by quarter, just as much as you can.

In terms of the long term, I'm like, we'll take anybody we can get, like. So we have 1 out of 10. We still
got 9 out of 10 to go, I'd be happy if all of them got a lot bigger. And that's what we're setting up to do.
So we don't have a percentage. When you look at percentages from what customers want, you have about
-- it's probably today, 25% of the customers really prefer self-serve, and it's a range.

If you look at those who want an agent, it's over 50% and usually around 65% -- or about 60%. And then
in between, you have people who are sort of -- they go with whatever is in front of them, and they're

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

indifferent. So we think there's plenty of opportunity to grow. Some of the shift you see in channels is
really due to customers wanting it differently, like not feeling like they need help to buy the product.

Some of the shift is just because direct companies have been advertising more. So you yell loud enough
and people come to you. So we think what we should do is give people exactly what they want, give them
choice. And what they want in the -- with the person is really to help buy it. They need and want less help
on service, and so the existing insurance agent businesses have been built on both. What we're trying to
focus on is really helping them buy and then give them self-serve or have computers do it or whatever to
lower the cost on the service side because it's cheaper, better and faster. So we don't need to do as much
local service as we do. So we'll take as many people as we can get through any channel.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler.

Paul Newsome
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I was hoping you could maybe help us understand a little bit more about how the investment portfolio will
look after the life sale? Will the P&C business kind of have a little bit of a different mix of assets? And will
that have an impact on the yield as well?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Great. Paul, let me give you a slight overview from a corporate standpoint, and John can talk about the
specifics. So obviously, the sale of Allstate Life Insurance Company substantially reduces our investment
portfolio as we exit a spread-based business. And the Blackstone entity is taking almost all the assets that
are used to asset liability match that business. They are not taking all of the performance-based assets.
So that increases the percentage some relative to the overall portfolio, which also gets smaller. And we
looked at it, obviously, prior to the sale. We're comfortable with the risk and return of it.

You will remember that we reduced our equity holdings in February this year by $4 billion, not because
of the Allstate Life sale, but because we just didn't like the risk and return profile there. So we do make
changes up and down. And this will still have the ability to go up and down even though this portion of
the portfolio is less liquid than the public equity as a whole because we still have public equities to get
high yields. We have a bunch of ways we can manage the overall risk of the portfolio, and we're very
comfortable with where we'll be. John, do you want to talk specifically about performance space?

Unknown Executive

Yes. Thanks, Tom, and thanks for the question, Paul. When you look at performance space, too, it's part
of a broader overall portfolio context. So while that percentage will go up, we look across risk and return
factors across every security and every investment we hold and take it in its entirety. So we have -- as
Tom mentioned, we have a lot of ways to compensate for additional risk we may take in one area.

When you look at the performance space, if you -- this is a long-term holding for us. We've looked at
gradually growing that over multiple years. And in some ways, this just accelerates that gradual path
that we're on. As we built this portfolio, we've always looked for the best partners and the best direct
investments we can across private equity, real estate and other areas. And the assets that we'd be
bringing on board are ones that we're already very familiar with. We already own them, obviously, and
very familiar. So it accelerates our path forward in a way that we're quite comfortable with.

And I guess, I just finish by saying that the return on this has stood up quite well over -- even in what's
been a volatile year, we've been looking back at what our returns have been over the last 5 years and 10
years, and our performance-based assets have fared quite well relative to public markets, and we think
that it continues to be an integral part of the portfolio.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Jonathan, let's take one last question and then we'll wrap up to keep people on time.

Operator

Certainly. Our final question for today then comes from the line of Gary Ransom from Dowling & Partners.

Gary Kent Ransom
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

I wanted to loop back on telematics. You mentioned increased demand for the product. A couple of
questions there. Did that make any material difference to the growth in new business that you're seeing,
that roll forward you showed on Slide 8? And then secondly, whether the difference between your mile --
by the mile product and the standard product, whether the demand is different. And with that question,
I'm really just trying to think ahead is to buy the mile product more the way of the future.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Gary, let me make a couple of comments. First, I don't believe it's actually driven people to us. So
I think with our advertising, when they get to us, and then we talk to them about it. So like, oh,
that's interesting. And what it enables us to is give them a more accurate price, which protects them
competitively. So the more accurate the price they are, the -- if someone takes them away from us, and
we're really accurate buy through a lower price, then they'll, we think, lose money. And we won't lose
people because we're overpriced for the risk. So it's really -- it will drive more sustainability to growth as
opposed to people calling us and saying, "Hey, I want to do it." That doesn't mean people don't see our
ads and say, geez, I'm tired of paying this much for insurance, and I hardly drive sort of cost. But I'm not
seeing a big well spring of people saying because it tends to be more in the sale itself.

In terms of a long-term basis, I think this is the way that pricing will be done. I mean insurers for a long
time have been trying to get more and more accurate on the individual risk, particularly in auto insurance
and home insurance for that matter, of course, going to telematics here. But as credit was a big move,
I don't know, 15 or 20 years ago when we first got into that using stuff out of the credit file, and it's
very powerful. This is very powerful, as powerful, not so much in the fat part of the curve. They're being
moderate risk people. But in really low-risk or really high-risk people, it's very effective. So I think it
will lead to more sustainable growth through better retention because we'll have a really accurate and
competitive price.

Gary Kent Ransom
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

That's helpful. Can you also talk a little bit about how you might be using telematics on the claims side,
whether that is developing or having much effect at this point?

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Glenn, do you want to take that?

Glenn Thomas Shapiro
President of Personal Property-Liability of AIC

Sure. So we've got some capability there that is, I would call it, developing. And it's about accident
notification. And I think this is -- Tom talked about it being the wave of the future for pricing, which I
totally agree with from the telematics. I think it's going to be the wave of the future. When you think
about connected cars, you think about our devices in OBD ports or even the mobile, there's accident
detection through Arity through the mobile telematics. So early notification, emergency notification, first
notice of loss taking are all areas in development, and I think will be a wave of the future.

Thomas Joseph Wilson
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Gary, I would expand on that and say, if you go to digital claims settlement, we believe we've been leading
the industry, whether that's a quick photo claim, whether that's using algorithms to look at pictures and
decide how you should settle the claim. I know another company is talking about going into a SPAC and
raising some money. We've worked extensively with that company.

We think our platform, our technology and the ability to utilize data will make us even better at settling
claims. So it's not really related to telematics, but it's really related to digitization of the business, which is
another way that we're trying to change both our business model and really our culture with this to drive
that kind of growth.

So thank you all for participating. We are trying to build really transformational growth business models.
It's more than a plan. It's really a way of life. And we expect to deliver increased growth and earn good
returns, which will both create economic value just because we make more money and should lead to
higher valuation multiples. Thank you much. We'll talk to you next quarter.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the
program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE ALLSTATE CORPORATION FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

