The Clorox Company NYSE:CLX
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, February 04, 2020 6:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.33

1.46

Revenue  (mm)

1445.82

1449.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Feb-04-2020 1:40 PM GMT

9.77

0.22

1.43

6.15

6.49

1567.08

6209.50

6366.59

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.47

1.84

1.54

1.33

1.44

1.88

1.59

1.46

(2.04 %)

2.17 %

3.25 %

9.77 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Ali Dibadj
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to The Clorox Company Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020
Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded.

I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Ms. Lisah Burhan, Vice President of
Investor Relations for The Clorox Company. Ms. Burhan, you may begin your conference.

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Sharon. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. On the call with me today are
Benno Dorer, our Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Jacobsen, our CFO. We're broadcasting this call over the
Internet. And a replay of the call will be available for 7 days on our website, thecloroxcompany.com.

On today's call, we may refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, including, but not limited to, free
cash flow, EBIT margin, debt to EBITDA, organic sales growth and economic profit. Management believes
that providing insights on these measures enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing
results of operations. Reconciliations with the most directly comparable financial measures determined
in accordance with GAAP can be found in today's press release, this webcast's prepared remarks or
supplemental information available on our website as well as in our SEC filings. In particular, it may be
helpful to refer to tables located at the end of today's earnings release.

Please also recognize that today's discussion contains forward-looking statements. Actual results or
outcomes could differ materially from management's expectations and plans. I would also direct you to
read the forward-looking disclaimers in our quarterly earnings release. Please review our most recent 10-K
filing with the SEC and our other SEC filings for a description of important factors that could cause results
or outcomes to differ materially from management's expectations and plans.

The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements.

With that, I'll start by covering our top line commentary, discussing highlights in each of our segments.
Kevin will then address our financial results as well as outlook for fiscal year 2020. Finally, Benno will offer
his perspective, and we'll close with Q&A.

For the total company, Q2 sales decreased 2%. These results are on top of solid sales growth in the year
ago period. Organic sales were flat.

I'll now go through our results by segment. In our Cleaning segment, Q2 sales were flat for the quarter as
gains in Professional Products and Home Care were offset by a decline in Laundry.

In Home Care, sales were up behind strong volume growth across a number of product lines, including
Clorox Disinfecting Wipes, Clorox Toilet Bowl Cleaner and Clorox Scentiva, particularly in nontracked
channels. Our Scentiva innovation platform continued to show robust growth, even 3 years after its initial
launch. We remain focused on driving superior consumer value through meaningful innovations like our
Scentiva Wet Mopping Cloths, which are doing well and continue to build distribution. A new scent across
the platform, Tahitian Grapefruit, will start shipping this month. Additionally, we were pleased to deliver
record second quarter shipment growth of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes.

However, our shares in this category continue to be down as a result of higher competitive merchandising
activities. And we expect these activities to continue in the back half of the fiscal year. We're increasing
our investments to support the long-term health of our brand. We're doing this in 2 ways: first, we're
strengthening our merchandising plans with higher trade investments; and second, we're increasing
our marketing investments behind Clorox Compostable Cleaning Wipes, which have had a positive early
reception from both retailers and consumers.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Laundry sales were down for the quarter, driven primarily by distribution losses among retailers -- select
retailers, which continued from last quarter. We expect improvement going forward as we start rolling out
a full line of compacted bleach products this month. Our plans this fiscal year also include a new laundry
sanitizing innovation platform, which started shipping towards the end of 2019. We're supporting this
innovation through strong marketing investments to drive awareness and trial.

Lastly, within the Cleaning segment. Professional Products continued this momentum and delivered
another quarter of robust sales growth, with broad-based growth across all channels and product lines
supported by innovation.

Turning to the Household segment. Q2 sales were down 8%, with declines in all businesses. In Bags
and Wraps, Q2 sales were down due to ongoing distribution losses and select portions of the portfolio
and increased competitive activity. While we continue to make progress and have seen sequential
improvement in both volumes and sales, we've seen a further increase in competitive activity, consistent
with what we've seen in past periods when there was a pullback in resin price even on a temporary basis.
We expect these competitive price reductions and higher promotional activities to continue in the back half
of the fiscal year. With a keen focus on consumer value, we're further increasing our investments in Glad,
and coupling that with a number of innovations to drive long-term profitable growth for our brand and the
category.

As expected, Grilling sales were down double digits this quarter. While consumption was strong, it was
more than offset by lower shipments as we finish working through high retail inventory from a weak
2019 grilling season, an effort that started in Q1. We expect to return to normal retail inventory levels
as we enter the new grilling season. As a reminder, Q2 is a relatively small quarter for this business,
representing about 10% of annual shipments.

Going forward, we remain focused on executing our strategy in 3 areas: one, enhancing the consumer
experience; two, implementing the right trade and pricing structure; and three, investing in innovation,
including our core charcoal products and alternative fuels such as pellets. As noted in our press release,
we've changed the name of this strategic business unit from Charcoal to Grilling to reflect our broadened
strategic view of the category.

In RenewLife, which represents about 1% of total company sales, sales declined by double digits due
to the continued category and competitive headwinds. However, we're encouraged by the early signs
of progress we're seeing with 2 of our 3 biggest customers now showing growth. As a reminder, a full
brand relaunch will occur in the first half of FY '21. Finally, our Cat Litter business was down slightly due
to higher trade spending and lapping strong double-digit sales growth in the year ago quarter, which
benefited from price increases. The Fresh Step Clean Paws innovation platform, which saw a double-digit
increase in shipment this quarter, continues to show promise, and we're investing behind this momentum
in the back half.

In our Lifestyle segment, sales grew 4%, reflecting volume growth across all businesses. Burt's Bees
delivered a record quarter of sales, driven by continued strength in its core categories of Lip Care and Face
Care. In Lip Care, Burt's Bees achieved a market leadership status in 2019 as the #1 overall lip balm in
the United States for the first time ever over a 52-week period. Burt's Bees lip balm has grown shares for
20 consecutive quarters or 5 years in a row. This success was fueled by a strong pipeline of innovation
such as the watermelon and hemp flavors.

In Face Care, [ mask, the restaged ] sensitive skin care line and core cleansers, all had double-digit
consumption growth.

Food sales were up again this quarter, supported by higher merchandising level, driving strong shipments
of Hidden Valley Ranch products. On the innovation side, our Ready-to-Eat Dips platform is expanding to
include French onion, fiesta ranch and a deluxe cheese and ranch dips. And while a new Hidden Valley
Ranch secret sauce line, which was launched in January, is continuing to help unlock new Hidden Valley
Ranch eating occasions. Hidden Valley Ranch extended its streak of share growth to 20 quarters.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Brita sales were up strongly behind higher shipments of our premium Filtering Bottles and Longlast filters
and Water Filtration systems. New products, including large capacity plastic and stainless steel bottles,
are expected to enhance the Filtering Water Bottle innovation platform even further, building on consistent
volume growth in Brita that now dates back more than a year.

Finally, sales for Nutranext were down slightly this quarter, reflecting double-digit decrease in our
nonstrategic brands, partially offset by solid growth in our strategic brands. We're encouraged by the
success of our strategic brands, which was fueled by higher demand creation investments, and we're
increasing those investments further to drive additional awareness and trial in this emerging and fast-
growing categories. The decrease in nonstrategic part of this portfolio was driven mainly by our decision to
continue rationalizing the lower margin part of this business that came as part of the acquisition.

Lastly, turning to International. Sales were down 2% for the quarter, reflecting 8 points of foreign currency
headwinds, mainly from Argentina, partially offset by the benefits of price increases. Organic sales in the
segment grew 6%, consistent with our -- 6%, consistent with our IGNITE Strategy that aims to improve
profitability in International. We're continuing to invest selectively in profitable markets and growth
platforms to keep yielding returns on businesses like Burt's Bees, Cat Litter and the Clorox equity.

Now let me turn it over to Kevin who will discuss our Q2 financial performance and our updated outlook for
FY '20.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Lisah, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'm pleased with the progress we've
made in Q2 as we delivered sequential improvement in organic sales, our fifth consecutive quarter
of gross margin expansion and another quarter of strong cash flow. I'm also encouraged by our
continued progress in Bags and Wraps and Grilling business units and expect to see continued sequential
improvement on these businesses in the back half of the fiscal year. As you saw in our press release, I've
updated our outlook, which I'll discuss in a moment.

Turning to our second quarter results. Sales decreased 2%, reflecting 2 points of unfavorable foreign
currency headwinds. On an organic sales basis, second quarter sales were flat. Gross margin for the
quarter increased 40 basis points to 44.1% compared to 43.7% for the year ago quarter. Second quarter
gross margin included the benefits of 150 basis points from cost savings and 100 basis points from
pricing. These factors were partially offset by 90 basis points of higher trade spending and 80 basis points
of higher manufacturing and logistics costs. Second quarter gross margin also reflected ongoing cost
favorability in commodities, partially offset by the impact from foreign currency headwinds.

Selling, administrative expenses as a percentage of sales came in slightly higher at 14.5% and compared
to 14.3% in the year ago quarter due to reduced operating leverage. Year-over-year selling, administrative
spending for the quarter was relatively flat. Advertising and sales promotion investment levels as a
percentage of sales came in at about 10% of sales or about equal to the year ago quarter, with spending
in our U.S. retail business coming in at 11% of sales.

Our second quarter effective tax rate was 21% compared to about 19% in the year ago quarter. Net of all
these factors, we delivered diluted net earnings per share of $1.46 versus $1.40 in the year ago quarter,
an increase of 4%.

Turning to year-to-date cash flow. Net cash provided by operations for the last 6 months of the fiscal year
came in at $498 million versus $449 million in the year ago period, an increase of 11%. The year-over-
year increase was primarily due to lower working capital, partially offset by the timing of payments.

Now I'll turn to our fiscal year 2020 outlook. As we mentioned in our press release, we've confirmed our
fiscal year sales outlook of down low single digits to up 1%. We are now projecting a lower devaluation
of the Argentine peso which we expect to be offset by increased competitive activity in the Bags and
Wraps and Wipes categories, partially driven by resin cost deflation. Our fiscal year organic sales outlook
now assumes a range of about flat to 2% growth. Embedded in our organic sales assumption is a more
cautious near-term view of our back half sales expectations for Bags and Wraps, reflecting increased

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

competitive activity. Importantly, we continue to expect our Grilling business to return to growth in the
second half of the fiscal year. As a reminder, we have previously assumed devaluation of the Argentine
peso at about 50%. And now our expectation is closer to 40% devaluation over the course of the fiscal
year.

Turning to gross margin. We now expect fiscal year gross margin to be up slightly, reflecting our
expectations for ongoing cost favorability in commodities and a slightly lower impact from foreign
currencies. These factors are expected to be partially offset by a lower pricing benefit in the back half, as
we have now lapped the majority of our fiscal year '19 pricing actions. Our fiscal year gross margin also
reflects higher trade promotion spending to address increased competitive activity in select categories. In
addition, our fiscal year gross margin outlook continues to anticipate additional supply chain investments
to support long-term value creation, including a rollout of Clorox Liquid Bleach Compaction beginning this
quarter.

We now expect fiscal year advertising and sales promotion investment levels to be slightly above 10% of
sales, reflecting increased investments in support of our robust innovation pipeline in the back half of the
fiscal year. We also continue to expect selling, administrative expenses to come in at about 14% of sales.
We now expect fiscal year EBIT margin to be about flat.

Our outlook continue to anticipate our fiscal year tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 23%. Net of all
these factors, we now expect fiscal year 2020 diluted EPS to be in the range of $6.10 to $6.25, which
raises the low end of our range by $0.05.

Before I turn it over to Benno, I'd like to reinforce that I'm pleased with the progress we continue to
make on our business. We delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion with strong
contributions from our cost savings program. We also delivered another quarter of strong cash flow.
Importantly, we remain on track to return to organic sales growth in the back half of the fiscal year.

Looking ahead, I continue to believe Clorox has taken the right actions to deliver results that are more in
line with our long-term financial goals as we continue to focus on executing our IGNITE Strategy to drive
long-term shareholder value.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Benno.

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Hello, everyone, and thank you, Kevin. Here are my 3 key messages for the second quarter. First, while
our top line performance is not yet where it needs to be, I'm pleased with the progress we're making
on our business, which is evident in our Q2 results. As I look at the results of our overall portfolio in the
quarter, I do feel good about the growth we saw in a number of Clorox-branded products in our Home
Care business, even as I fully expect stronger growth in the Wipes category in the future. I'm also pleased
about the broad-based strength in our Professional Products business.

In Lifestyle, Burt's Bees continued its strong top line momentum with record quarterly sales, and we saw
a sustained strength in our Food business behind increased merchandising support, and also in Water
Filtration behind innovation. And once again, our team in International continues to deliver very good
results in currency-neutral terms behind strong execution of our pricing initiatives. I'm also pleased to
have delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of gross margin expansion, supported by our strong cost
savings program. Importantly, we are continuing our focus on improving our Bags and Wraps and Grilling
businesses.

On our Grilling business, we are pleased to see solid consumption growth, and we feel good about retailer
reception to our go-to-market plans for the 2020 grilling season. Now that we're finished working through
retailer inventory from the year ago season, we continue to expect this business to grow in the second
half.

Now as Kevin mentioned, we've taken a somewhat more cautious near-term view of our Bags and Wraps
business given our expectations for continued, increased competitive activity. Moving forward on Glad,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

we are focused on driving superior consumer value. We'll do this with a consistent stream of unique
innovations, leveraging our superior capabilities in technology and consumer insights, backed by category-
leading advertising investments. We believe these focus areas will allow us to sustain our competitive
advantage and help engage retailers, leading to strong in-store positions.

As I look at the other parts of our portfolio, generally, I feel good about our back half plans, which reflects
our expectation for improved sales behind strong innovation and marketing plans as well as progress on
the distribution front. This brings me to my next message which is that we have strong consumer and
retail plans for the second half of the fiscal year, fueled by increased investments that reflect confidence in
our innovation program. Bringing value to our consumers and retailers is the key to returning to growth.
Our second half plans emphasize this, and we're executing with a strong sense of urgency, yet also the
right way. Our relentless focus on strengthening the value proposition of our brands through meaningful
innovation continues with a strong pipeline of new products in the back half, including the compaction
of Clorox Liquid Bleach as well as the introduction of Clorox Compostable Cleaning Wipes, Clorox Fabric
Sanitizers, Kingsford grilling pellets and several innovations in Bags and Wraps, Food and Natural Personal
Care.

As you saw on our press release, we're leaning harder into supporting awareness and trial behind these
new products with plans to increase year-over-year advertising spending in the second half of the fiscal
year. And of course, we'll continue to invest behind the momentum and significant upside opportunity in
ongoing innovation platforms such as Clorox Scentiva, Fresh Step Clean Paws, Brita Filtering Water Bottles
and Hidden Valley Ready-to-Eat Dips.

As I mentioned last quarter, we expect that our retailer engagement and the strength of our innovation
programs will contribute to better back half results. I'm very encouraged by the strong retail receptions to
our innovation so far, which is part of why we're stepping up our advertising investments. And finally, I'm
pleased about our progress to improve distribution trends moving forward. We'll provide another update
in Q3 once results are in market. But I do feel good about the constructive conversations with retailers
overall, putting us in a position to earn meaningful net distribution gains across our portfolio in 2020.

And for my last message, I'd like to reinforce that I have the confidence that our IGNITE Strategy will
guide us in our ongoing pursuit of delivering long-term shareholder value. The focus of IGNITE is to
innovate across the entire Clorox value chain to earn people's enduring loyalty to our leading brands. We
are innovating how we build brands and are on track to begin implementing purpose on all major U.S.
brands by the end of this fiscal year, which should significantly boost marketing ROI over time. We are
innovating shopping experiences and making good progress engaging customers and strategies to grow
their businesses through new and frictionless experiences that can help eliminate shopping barriers in our
categories.

We are innovating how we work by continuing to invest in digitizing our supply chain to drive productivity,
and we remain focused on achieving our new higher annual cost savings target of about 175 basis points.
And finally, we are driving our ESG commitments to create value for all our stakeholders. As we invest
in major sustainability-driven product innovations in the second half, we also are accelerating our goal of
achieving 100% renewable electricity in the U.S. and Canada to 2021, 4 years ahead of our original goal.
We continue to view ESG as fundamental to long-term value creation. And I'm pleased with our progress
to integrate ESG even further in our business strategy.
Operator, you may now open up the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Great. Maybe first, Kevin, just a quick clean up and clarification on Argentina. Are you getting incremental
pricing in that market? And I just asked because I think your October outlook presumed you would not, I
just wanted to understand what the current state was.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Steve, yes, we are getting pricing benefit from Argentina. Maybe just a little more background there.
As you saw, we've updated our expectations for devaluation, we assumed 50%. We've seen the currency
hold up pretty well in our second quarter, and so we revised that to 40%. But additionally, we get out
pretty early with pricing in Argentina. So we took a number of price increases in the first quarter. They are
certainly benefiting the overall profitability you may have seen in our International segment.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. Perfect. And then a second clarification. I think despite the competitive challenges, the flat organic
result this quarter came in a little better than you telegraphed in October. Was there a particular driver
there? And in the context of the full year coming down, that implied second half reversal. Is that just Bags
and Wraps and Grilling staying weaker than planned for a bit longer, requiring more work? Or other areas
showing less resilience versus what you hoped? Or is it -- I think it's the former, but I just want to clarify
that.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. So on the first part of the question, yes, it did come in a little bit better than we anticipated. And
there's really 2 areas. The first was FX. While it's still about a 2-point drag, that's a little bit better than
we anticipated in the quarter. And then the other area was our Lifestyle segment. That was really strong
performance, and the performance is really broad-based. We saw every business within that segment
perform quite well and exceed our expectations. And then as we look out over the full year, what I'd say
the 2 areas that we've highlighted is, we are seeing increased competitive activity in 2 categories: our
Wipes category and our Bags and Wraps category.

So because of that, we will increase trade spending to defend share in those categories. And specifically
maybe the Bags and Wraps, I'd tell you, not surprising. We've seen this before. When we see the type of
resin deflation, we typically see manufacturers invest more when that occurs. And so we're going to have
to spend some money to spend there. And then Steve, on your question on Grilling, we continue to feel
very good about Grilling. It's on track with our expectations for the full year. We fully expect to return that
business to growth. And so that business is very much on track.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Okay. And if I could, maybe for Benno. In addition to the promotional investment, you're also as you
discussed, stepping up the A&P investments. My guess is that that targeted different businesses than the
promotional spend. So can you confirm that? And then I guess what's really motivating the uptick? Is it
just that you have more funds given the FX environment, so you feel like you have the flexibility to spend?
Or is there something you've seen that's giving you more confidence in the ROI now versus 3 months ago?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Steve, the step-up in investments really reflects our confidence in our plans. That's the sole
motivation. It certainly does include a strong retailer reception to our innovations. Also in a few cases,
strong initial consumption results out of the gate on some of the innovations that we launched in January,
which includes compostable wipes. So we're leaning into this innovation to lean into the momentum that
we all see. And of course, 3 months ago or 6 months ago, we would have said that we're taking a more
realistic view of our spending given that we're still cycling through distribution losses. And now, of course,
in the back half, we are lapping those distribution losses. We expect, given the productive discussions
that we have with retailers, solid results on a distribution front. So it's really driven by the confidence that
we have in our plans. The spending will go into innovations that we launched in the back half, but also
innovations from previous years.

And I mentioned some like Clorox Scentiva, which is still showing robust growth; Clean Paws and Fresh
Step, which grew double digits last quarter; Brita Filtering Water Bottles, which is showing nice continued
progress; Ready-to-Eat Dips on Hidden Valley, which we're supporting with more innovation going in the
back half.

We feel really strongly and encouraged about all the back half plans, and we're not afraid to invest behind
it. A question that maybe -- that could come up in the context of it that is maybe worthy of addressing
upfront is, do we expect the change in our mid-term outlook on how much we will spend in advertising
and sales promotion? And the answer to that is no. This is really an increase that is really related to the
back half of this fiscal year. We certainly commented in the past that we think that an average level of
about 10% of sales per fiscal year is the right level, and we continue to believe that.

Operator

Next question comes from Steve Strycula with UBS.

Steven A. Strycula
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

So Benno, just a very straightforward question. I wanted to understand the back half sales is a relatively
wide range, and just wanted to understand, based off your retail conversations, which seem like they went
well, what takes us to the low end versus the high end, whether it's the distribution clarity or maybe the
consumer pull-through and responsiveness to some of the innovation?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's a combination, Steve. Certainly, what we -- first of all, I have to say, there's 6 months left in the
fiscal year, but several things can make up for the range. First of all, competitive activity, right? We cannot
predict that. And we have commented that certainly in 2 categories, we're seeing the promotional and
merchandising environment increase as those categories tend to be more sensitive in spending towards
the -- in particular, resin environment, which, as you know, is a little more favorable at this point. So I
cannot fully predict competitive activity, but that can have a major impact.

Distribution outcomes, so we know quite a bit, of course, on what distribution outcomes are, but we don't
know everything. We also know from the information that we have about decisions that retailers may have
taken as it relates to our brands, but not competitive brands. That's still ahead of us. And then of course,
coronavirus, cold and flu. There hasn't been a factor in Q2, and so far, we're not seeing an uptick, but it's
a rapidly evolving situation. So we're certainly watching that, and we're getting ready to be able to supply
our customers and also our health care institutional customers with products should they need that to help
consumers combat the virus.

So these are 3 pretty important swing items that could lead us to the lower or higher end, but all in all, we
feel like the midpoint of the range would point to a 3% sales growth in the back half on average, which, of
course, is very much in line with our ongoing algorithm. And because we're investing in items that don't

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

just have a short-term impacts but drive our brand equities and have a long-term impact, we feel like
those investments also set us up nicely for a solid fiscal year '21.

Operator

Next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

So I understand you have [indiscernible]...

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Andrea, you're breaking up quite a bit.

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Should we go to the next question and have her try again?

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

Operator, maybe we move on to the next question and try to have Andrea call back.

Operator

Next question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

A couple of quick ones. First thing, Kevin, maybe just to clarify, the trade spending in the quarter, I think
you said, was 90 basis points of gross margin pressure. But if my memory is right, I think it was 180
basis points in the first quarter. So is that just a timing issue? I would have expected higher spending this
quarter as you try to regain distribution, et cetera, et cetera, and see more gross margin pressure from
that. But curious if there's any commentary on that.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. You're right on your memory, it was 90 basis points this quarter. It was 180 basis point hit to the
margin last quarter. The biggest change from the first quarter is less investment in Charcoal as we cycle
through the bulk of the season, as I think Lisah mentioned in her prepared remarks. Q2 is a pretty small
quarter for us, so we have less investment in the category in Q2. And as we also said, what we're really
working on the trade spending is working through higher retail inventories as we had a poor season year
'19, and we want to make sure we're set up for a strong season year '20. And so we've been investing
in trade in that business, both Q1 and to a lesser extent, Q2. And we feel like we're in a good position as
we head into season year '20, that we've got retail inventories right and we're ready for a much stronger
season.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. Got it. That makes sense. On the Bleach Compaction that I think you said were shipping
this month, what's your expectation for competition? Do you think they follow the same degree of
compaction? Do you think there's going to be incremental promotion? How much of a price increase are
you embedding? Maybe if you could just talk a little bit more about that that would be great.

Benno O. Dorer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Yes, Wendy, so compaction is starting this month, as you rightly said, and will take until the end of the
fiscal year. There's no pricing. It's a straight conversion. Typically, with the initiation of retailers, we see a
whole category move. So of course, we have yet to see that because that's really well outside our control.
But if this compaction wave mirrors previous compaction waves, then what we're typically seeing is the
whole category to move because this really is an initiative that's certainly good for the manufacturers. It's
good for retailers. It's good for the category. It's also good for the planet. So it's a win, win, win and there
really isn't a reason for the category not to move.

Consumers, of course, are getting a more convenient product. And again, there's no performance trade-
off for consumers either, so we are optimistic that this will be an initiative that will see the whole category
move, and we'll provide an update after Q3.

Wendy Caroline Nicholson
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Got it. Fair enough. And then my very last question is just on trash bags. In the Nielsen data that we
saw today, and I know Nielsen doesn't tell the whole story or even close to the whole story, but still, you
commented on a higher level of competitive activity in the bags category. On the trash side, in particular,
it looks like private label is the one who's actually doing more of the promotions, but their market shares
aren't increasing. So I wondered if you could just comment kind of on your read where the promotion
is coming from. What do you see in the broader universe and whether you're more worried about the
branded side of the competitive dynamic or the private label side?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes, really varies by category, Wendy. On the Glad side, we see what you see, that if I take us back a few
months ago, what we said is that we are spending in trade to address price gaps. That really worked. We
saw price gaps move down, and we saw a significant increase in momentum on our business.

What we've seen more recently in a more benign resin environment is that, in particular, from private
label, we are seeing more activity and we see price gaps increase again. Now we also see what I think you
hinted on and that is that that's really not working for the category. The category trends are softer. We've
always commented that people are not buying more trash bags if they're cheaper, and that's pretty much
how it's playing out.

And what that really does is give us optimism that in the long run, rational behavior will prevail and that
we're going to see a continued balance in the category that will allow premium brands to grow behind
innovation and delivering value that consumers see as superior, and that's certainly our focus in this
category.

Operator

Next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Thank you for taking me back. Sorry for before. So I was hoping to go back to the cadence of the second
half for organic. So I understand what you said in terms of -- in the past of regaining distribution in trash
to one -- I believe, one large customer. Is that something that we should be looking more into the fourth
quarter building with what you mentioned to Wendy? And then on the gross margin, just a clarification,
in terms of the gross margin bridges that Kevin was talking about, is our commodities actually getting
better like for the second half? Or I understand you're going to lap some of this improvement by the
fourth quarter. So I just want to know if embedded on that, you're actually having a better outlook for
commodities than before.

Kevin B. Jacobsen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Andrea, it's Kevin. I can take both of your questions. On organic progression, what you should
assume is we continue to demonstrate sequential improvement as we move through the year. And so as
you recall, in Q1, organic was down about 2%. It was flat in our most recent quarter. And if you take the
midpoint of our organic sales outlook, it would suggest 3 points of organic sales growth in the back half of
the year. And I'd expect to continue to see sequential improvement as we move through the back half of
the year.

Much of the distribution benefits will have a bigger impact in Q4 than they will in Q3. And so that's what
I expected to progress. And then maybe just also as we think about our organic sales goal for the year,
the 0% to 2%, I would just offer, I'm much less concerned about the average for the year and much more
focused on the momentum we're creating as we head into fiscal year '21. So I feel very good about the
progress we're making and where I believe we'll end up in the fourth quarter as we head into '21.

And then on gross margins, on -- in terms of the commodity environment, what I'd tell you is, if I set resin
aside, commodities are pretty much playing out as we expected, which is slightly inflationary, generally in
line with broader inflation in the economy. And that's pretty consistent with what we expected.

What we are seeing is, while we expected resin to be deflationary, we certainly saw a bigger movement
in the second quarter than we anticipated. I still think it will be down in the back half of the year, but to a
lesser degree. Typically what we see is the manufacturers go down for planned maintenance in the spring,
and that usually puts a little upward pressure. Now I think what we have to balance out right now is with
what's going on with the coronavirus and it's certainly reducing overall global productivity, we'll have to
see what that does to global demand for resin. But for right now, my expectation is that it continues to be
favorable, but not to the same degree we saw in the front half.

Operator

Next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. I just wanted to go back to distribution. Because, Benno, I think the specific language you used
was that we're -- we've positioned ourselves well to earn back distribution. So I just wanted to get a sense
for how much visibility you do have at this point for [ both ] things building in kind of the traditional reset
time line of this quarter and then even going into Q4.

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So obviously, wording carefully chosen because, as always and as all manufacturers, we have to earn
distribution from retailers, right? Because they have to believe that our products are value added. I've
said that 2 things are going on. First of all, as you remember, there are a number of distribution losses
postpricing that we're now lapping in the back half. So that should play in our favor. And then realize that
you'd all like a very detailed update, but the reality is not all decisions are made by retailers, requiring us
to be respectful here. There are, of course, also competitive implications because this is all sensitive.

And like I said earlier, we know quite a bit of our distribution results for the back half, but not all. This
will play out with implementation in Q3 and Q4. But clearly, I think as you also saw us talk about the
conversations that we have, we feel good about them being constructive and productive. We have a lot of
innovation. Innovation generally is effective, driving distribution. And our sales outlook for the back half
wouldn't be doable without generally a more favorable environment on distribution.

So I think this is probably the appropriate way for us to characterize where we are. There will be a further
update in Q3. But the fact that we're investing more in our brands is based on confidence, as we've all
said earlier. And certainly, how we feel about the conversations that we have with retailers, an indication
that we may get, should they materialize, the way we think they might, we feel positive about what we'll
see in that environment and then more update in Q3.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. And then just continuing to another question on the Bags and Wraps category. So one thing
that's changed very recently as now your competitor, right, is public. So we've got a lot more visibility
into dynamics in that category, and I think many of us would have understood in the past. So one of the
things that was interesting to me in that process was seeing the innovation with -- in particular, with Ultra
Strong, right? Sort of a bag that's a real competitor to ForceFlex, and that it's actually been on -- there's
been capacity constraints there.

So just looking forward, as you're thinking about competitive dynamics, thinking about your branded
competitor, thinking about innovation there, thinking about that they were capacity constrained, while
you were losing distribution. Just anything more you can offer on this build back, right? Is there a lot
of innovation in your plan? Is there adjustments in your pricing structure that kind of helps you regain
leadership positions as a total in that business?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, and, of course, we're following that closely, even though I will tell you that many of the things that
you quoted were news to us. I certainly don't want to speculate about what might happen. But there are
2 things, perhaps, are most important here. The first one is that generally, publicly traded companies
care about the top line and also margin growth. And what that does is drive productive and rational
behaviors. So we'll just leave it there. And then second, we remain confident in our right to win in these
categories, which really isn't affected by them going public. First of all, we have commented on our
superior innovation capability, that we continue to have with the joint venture that we maintain with
Procter & Gamble. I'd just point to the more than 100 patents and patent applications that we have over
the last 5 years, and that compares to less than 10 for the said company.

And then as we think about our brand-building efforts, the fact that we continue to be a leading investor
in the consumer -- in this category, along with our commitment and superior consumer value, that's been
a robust right to win, for sure, 15 years now since we've had the joint venture. And the proof will be in
our continued innovation. And without getting into details, all I can say is that we have a lot of confidence
in not just our back half innovation on this business, and as you know there's quite a bit, but in the long-
term innovation as we manage innovation with a minimum 3-year time frame. We know obviously about
the innovation that we have coming on to the business. And we're pretty happy with the innovation
platform that we have on Glad. And we're pretty confident that we can get this business back on track
once we've cycled through the well-documented issues, which we continue to characterize as short term.

Operator

Next question comes from Olivia Tong with Bank of America.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Great. I wanted to talk a little bit on your commentary around advertising spend and why you think that
about 10% is still the right number because if competition is spending more and you feel good about your
lineup, why wouldn't you look to invest more heavily over a longer-term period? Or is it just that you
prefer to keep that flexibility in between trading and support, between promotion and advertising?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Olivia, we've always commented that we're not afraid to spend more should there be an opportunity.
And right now, certainly, there's an opportunity. And spending, of course, is also broadly defined, right,
whether that's in advertising, sales promotion or capital spending and initiatives that deliver growth. So
we will always prioritize the long-term health of our brands. We will always manage this business for the
long term versus for the quarter. So all those things that I know you're used to from Clorox, they remain

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

true. We said that we think that the overall spending level in advertising and sales promotion isn't going
up.

So as a general rule of thumb, we like the 10%. Part of why we're taking it up in the back half is that in
the front half, we spent less than 10% because we have waited for our back-half innovations to come on.
And certainly, the fact that our margin situation is slightly more positive gives us a little bit of room to do
so. But 10% continues to be the right number. We'll always take a look at that. But that's been the right
number for a while. And we don't see any reason why we should move off of that.

Olivia Tong
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Got it. And then just on gross margin. Raw materials, obviously, we can see has been a nice driver.
But has there been any change in your expectations in other areas, particularly either cost saves or
manufacturing logistics? Last quarter, you mentioned a delay in the litter plant. Any other changes in
terms of the timing of projects that might be helping this year, but the expenses will eventually come, and
the investments are just further down the line?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, I would say no real changes in timing or expectations for the year. As we've mentioned, we have 2
large cost-savings projects, bleach compaction, our new litter facility. Those projects both continue to
progress. As you know obviously, compaction we're starting this quarter. Litter, we're probably 18 to 24
months out before we bring a new plant online, but those both continue on track.

Operator

Next question comes from Nik Modi with RBC.

Nik Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Benno, can you just talk about what's going on in laundry in terms of some of the distribution losses? I
mean is there a plan here to rebuild distribution? Or is it just cutting space overall of the aisle? And then
on the compaction, how should we think about the margin implications of that as you guys kind of get the
full scale of the distribution of that product?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Nik. Laundry was down for the quarter, certainly, in volume and share. That's not our
aspiration for the business. We're certainly not happy with that. The reason is mostly postpricing
distribution losses. I sound like a broken record, perhaps, but that's, of course, been a known issue on
several of the categories and something that we're cycling through. I said that I'll also give the perspective
that our past 13 weeks share through November is about 61%, and that's well within the long-term range.
And just to name 3 examples, it's higher than it was 2 years ago, 3 years ago and 4 years ago. So maybe
that's helpful for perspective.

Feeling good about back-half plans. Obviously, on the distribution side, I cannot say what will happen
to the category. We have seen a little bit of a contraction in overall space that retailers dedicate to this
category, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. And generally, leading brands and importantly, leading SKUs
are benefiting from that because there's greater shelf clarity. So we haven't seen a reduction in overall
shelf space for the category leads to a reduction in sales or a reduction in market share. It would be our
expectation that among compaction perhaps or after compaction perhaps distribution is about neutral
versus what it is today because all we're trying to do is convert the category.

We're not using that as an opportunity to build distribution, we're really leveling the playing field with
compaction. Margin impact on compaction obviously is positive. What we've commented on in the
past is that the last time we compacted, it was a 500 basis point margin improvement to the business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

We'd expect this one to be somewhat lower, but still meaningful to the business. So feeling good about
compaction and feeling that this initiative is on track.

Also I want to point in Laundry to fabric sanitizers, which we're launching now and is off to a good start,
and that will be one of the initiatives that we're investing in quite significantly because it's a growing
category that's become quite sizable, and it's one, given the nature of the category, sanitization, where
we feel like the Clorox name has a strong equity with consumers and customers for that matter. And we
feel like our products can add meaningful value to that category and its momentum. So feel good about
the back half in laundry and expect better results, certainly not happy with the share losses and also the
volume losses in Q2.

Operator

Next question comes from Ali Dibadj with Bernstein.

Ali Dibadj
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So I have a few. I would like first to just go back to Lauren's question. We've seen Glad volatility based
on commodities for a while. I just -- it feels like the market share shifts have been a little bit more severe
this time, particularly -- I'm talking Bags and Wraps, specifically, sorry, particularly given the fact that
you change your portfolio in Bags and Wraps and gotten out of the kind of lower-end stuff for the past
few years. And so I struggle with Reynolds hasn't changed the dynamic of the industry that much, the
dynamic for you that much, particularly because -- and you guys will remember this, I think a lot of
people on the phone will remember this, when Pactiv was public, it's not like things were easier.

In fact, it felt like they were harder than they were in the past few years. So I just want to go back to that
question and really get a sense of whether you really think there's no impact or it's even better that a big
competitor is now public. And I say that in the context of a category that just doesn't grow. So to grow
your top line, you basically have to grow some market share.

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes, [ and ] profit. So all I'd say is that I don't want to speculate at this point. And what all I did say is
that for a publicly traded company, buying growth and buying market share doesn't necessarily work
because margins and profit growth matters, too. So we'll see how it all plays out. You and I have followed
this category for a long time. Obviously, I don't remember it being easy or more difficult when Pactiv
was public. The reality is this is a very competitive category. There's no question. And we have lost
some market share. But if I unpack that a little bit, the market shares are mostly because of postpricing
distribution losses. So it's our own doing. And what I've commented on in the past is that we have taken
into account a very conscious trade-off between short term and long term.

If you then look at where the distribution losses occur though, and also the share losses occur, they are
mainly in the less profitable base trash segment, as you know, and also in food storage. As you know
we're very focused on trash. If I look at the indoor premium trash bag, which is the heart of our business
and also the largest subsegment in trash and as you can imagine, one of the more profitable parts of the
business, that part actually grew in Q2. So there's puts and takes on Glad. Clearly, we're taking a more
cautious approach. Clearly, we are in a mode of defending this business and not everything is rosy, while
we're seeing green shoots, but what I'd say is that we have confidence in our right to win in this category.
The right to win in this category does not change. And we're investing behind it, which expresses our
confidence going forward.

Ali Dibadj
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So it's helpful context. But I do want to go back to -- you mentioned long term or short term and just
ended on investments. You guys over the -- over a while have looked at things like Charcoal strategically

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

and Brita strategically and others that I'm sure you're not going to name strategically, and I'm sure Glad
isn't there as well, I guess if you take a step back, why do you own Glad strategically?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

First of all, I can't confirm that we've looked at certain businesses that you mentioned. So that would be
speculation on your end, and I hope you can tolerate me saying that. Why do we own Glad strategically
is, first of all, it's very aligned with our capabilities, first of all; second, over the long term, it's added an
enormous amount of shareholder value. So obviously, we want each of the businesses that we own to
add shareholder value in the long term. That does mean that every now and then there's a business that
struggles in the short term. And whether that was Brita a year or 2 ago, which is now one of our strongest
performing businesses or Litter and Charcoal certainly falls into that camp right now as well, that does
happen in a highly diversified portfolio.

So while we always look at [ weather ] and how we can be the highest value owner of our business, we
like this business. We're confident in our plans forward. And it's a very solid fit with our capabilities on
multiple fronts.

Ali Dibadj
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then the last question, maybe it's for Kevin, on the gross margin drivers. If you look
at kind of the net price, so price change and then subtract out the trade spend that you mentioned in
the footnote, it went negative 60 and negative 10, really, if you go back, it was positive, positive in '19,
then negative 60 and negative 10 for Q1 and Q2. What -- or maybe a twist on, I think, Wendy's question
earlier, but like, what should we expect the gross margin impact of net pricing to be as we go forward?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Definitely, there's a pretty big inflection point that will start in Q3 because as I'm sure, as you recall, most
of the pricing we took last year was front-loaded. And so it's driven very nice benefits to margin. You'll see
a pretty material change starting in Q3. So if you think about the front half of this year, pricing generated
about 110 bp benefit to gross margin. I expect in the back half of the year, you'll see that closer to 20, 25
bp benefit as we now cycle through it. And so what I expect to see going forward is a smaller benefit from
pricing, a little bit of International still to go. And then you'll have the impact of trade spending as we've
talked about some increased competitive activity that will address with increased trade spending. And so
trade spending will outpace the benefit from pricing as we think about the back half of the year.

Ali Dibadj
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

Got it. So like the negative 90 basis point we saw from higher trade promotion spend in that footnote #4
will be even higher than 90 as the price changes will be closer to 20 to 25?

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think in terms of the net benefit just because you'll see less benefit from pricing and you'll see
ongoing trade investment.

Operator

Next questions comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Crédit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Benno, you mentioned that you're now happy with inventory levels. Can you give us a little more context
on the impact that decreasing inventory levels had on your top line over the past couple of quarters?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Kaumil. This is Kevin. I can address that one. And I would say we feel very good about the progress
we're making on inventory. In fact, if you saw in our prepared remarks, we had very nice growth in cash
provided by operations over the first 6 months. It's up 11%. That's primarily driven by some really good
work we're doing on improvements in working capital and specifically inventory. And I would highlight a
number of areas. The first is on our Nutranext acquisition. We've owned that business a little less than 2
years. And I think we continue to get better at understanding the demand signal and managing inventory
to meet demand. So we've gotten more efficient on that business over time.

The other 2 I'd point to you is on Brita. If you recall, we've moved our supply chain. We're just finishing
up moving our supply chain out of China to the Dominican Republic. We started to do that work because
of the tariffs that were imposed, but we've built up some additional safety stock inventory to manage
that transition, we're -- which we're mostly through now. And beyond getting the safety stock out of
the system, we also now have moved production much closer to the market and to allow us to keep less
inventory going forward.

And then the last item I'd point to is we've done some nice work in our Glad business. As we've
recapitalized that plant-based, our new technology. If you recall, ForceFlex came off-patent a while back.
We've introduced our new patent-protected technology and we've invested in manufacturing assets behind
that technology. And we brought some more online recently that's allowed us to reduce overall inventory
levels on Glad. That's been a very nice benefit that should continue, and so good work to date. What I'd
also tell you, though, is as we look forward, and Benno made this comment earlier, we do understand the
coronavirus is something we're thoughtful about. We'll see how that plays out with retailers. But we are
taking up inventory levels, be prepared for the potential increase in demand for our -- some of our bleach
products. And so that's something you'll see in the back half of the year.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And then you also mentioned in your -- in the press release on Cleaning some unfavorable
mix effect from channel shift. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're talking about there? Is this
product-specific? Is it margin-specific? What exactly is the difference there?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes, pretty simple, Kaumil. Thanks for allowing us to clarify. So there are some nontrack channels where
the net sales per volumes sold is lower, right? So think about Club, typically, where products are sold at a
discount, that shows up as a drag in sales or at least in the volume-to-sales ratio. And that's happened in
Cleaning, where we see certain parts of our portfolio in part of the nontrack channel performed particularly
well.

Operator

Next question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs.

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Excellent. Two questions for me. First, a pretty simple one on compaction. You started shipping this
quarter. Should we expect a nice pipeline fill, given the shelf holding capacity should accommodate many
more bottles with a smaller size?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Not really. I don't think it's going to be very material, Jason.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Jason M. English
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Okay. Like I said, that was quick and easy one. Now stepping back, you've mentioned a few times the
broad-based distribution losses that you've suffered in the wake of the price increases. I step back and
I rewind the clock to the time where you were taking these prices, and you were very pleased then, and
you were very confident then like you are now, and the strength of the relationships with the retailers. And
I think you -- I remember you saying [ they talk the talk ], the conversations are strong. The message
is one of support for you. Yet in the wake, we've -- you've -- we've seen a lot of negative ramifications
for those actions. So what changed? Where -- what did you sort of misjudge in that that caused that
derailment? And since all that's happened, what steps have you taken to kind of go the other way
and mend those relationships and strengthen them to the point where you now have this resounding
confidence in your ability to recover the distribution and drive this sharp inflection in the back half?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes. If I rewind and what really happened was that, first of all, right after we took pricing, our
consumption was very strong, as you will remember. That was prior to and it is distribution losses, but
what we said then is that we expect significant bumpiness. And the significant bumpiness would show up,
for example, in distribution losses and in merchandising losses. So that's exactly what happened. And as a
result, I don't really see any change. So you don't find me any more or less confident on this than I was 6
months ago or 18 months ago.

The reality is that we're playing a long game here. We are protecting our ability to grow margins in the
face of cost adversity with an eye on the long term, and retailers understand that, but retailers certainly
also didn't consistently like that as we had anticipated. Where the case is perhaps like on Glad that --
where it was more pronounced than we had anticipated, I would absolutely say that that's true. In part
because as we've duly noted, like so many institutions and companies, we didn't necessarily get the resin
forecast right, right?

So if I look back, I would have liked to get more accuracy into our resin forecast because maybe our
plan forward then would have been different and maybe distribution losses, if I speculate for a second,
would have been more benign. But by and large, this is playing out exactly as we anticipated then. We've
always said that we're after good growth and good growth is profitable and sustainable and responsible,
and we don't like the distribution and the share losses either. At the same time, we do like our margin
enhancements, which allows us to invest in the momentum of our brands in the back half, and that's what
we're focused on.

Lisah Burhan
Vice President of Investor Relations

We'll take one more question after this.

Operator

And we have a question from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Two quick ones for me because we covered a lot of ground. Benno, I just want to make sure I'm clear on
the messaging with respect to the adequacy of the investment levels in your guidance for this year. So it
sounds like the additional investment behind price and trade investment and advertising and marketing
will position the company well to get back to its normal type of algorithm back half of this year and into
next year. So they're both top line and from an earnings perspective, as best we know, sort of steady state
commodities. If you could confirm that?

I'm just trying to handicap the risk that this is a multiyear necessity for higher investment level. So maybe
you could just comment on that. And then quickly on M&A, given some of the challenges in some of your

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

bigger businesses, are you any less inclined near term on the M&A front, given the potential distraction
and integration risk?

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes, I'll take M&A and then Kevin is going to take your good question on advertising shifts most levels.
Not any more or less inclined to do M&A than we always are. As we always comment, we look at many
things throughout the year, certainly, continue to find desired valuations to be on the higher side, and we'll
continue to be disciplined. What we have said in the past is that our priority is to have a healthy core. So
our focus right now is on just that, and we like the progress, said that for a good acquisition that is on
strategy and where we feel like we can add clear value to a business we remain open so that there's no
change to what we've talked about during our Investor Day in October.

Kevin B. Jacobsen
Executive VP & CFO

And Kevin, on your questions about investment levels, I would make a couple of comments. First, as
I'm sure you can appreciate, I won't provide any outlook for fiscal year '21, we'll come back and do
that at a later date. But what I would say is, as Benno mentioned, we do believe 10% about is the right
investment level, sometimes a little bit more, sometimes a little bit less, but feel like that's the right level
of investment long term. And we are working to get back to our IGNITE financial goals that we set back in
October, if you recall, 2% to 4% top line growth. We believe we're taking the right actions to get back to
those levels in the back half of the year, and that's certainly what we care about is that momentum going
into fiscal year '21 that we get back to growing the top line. Consistent with the long-term goals, we're
expanding margins, and we feel pretty good about our ability to do that.

Operator

This concludes the question-and-answer session. Mr. Dorer, I would now like to turn the program over to
you.

Benno O. Dorer
Chairman & CEO

Yes, thank you all. And all that's left is to say is that I look forward to talking with you again in May when
we discuss our Q3 results. Thank you, and have a good day, everyone.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

THE CLOROX COMPANY FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  FEB 04, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

