The Coca-Cola Company NYSE:KO
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Monday, April 19, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.42

Revenue  (mm)

8619.30

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-19-2021 1:18 PM GMT

0.50

8630.02

1.90

2.15

33045.38

36666.88

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.44

0.41

0.46

0.42

0.51

0.42

0.55

0.47

15.91 %

2.44 %

19.57 %

11.90 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Timothy K. Leveridge
VP & Investor Relations Officer

ANALYSTS

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

William Bates Chappell
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Carlos Alberto Laboy
HSBC, Research Division

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Presentation

Operator

At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Coca-Cola Company's First Quarter Earnings Results
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time.
[Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that the purpose of this conference is to talk
with investors, and therefore, questions from the media will not be addressed. Media participants should
contact Coca-Cola's Media Relations department if they have any questions.

I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Leveridge, Vice President of Investor Relations, Financial Planning
and Analysis. Mr. Leveridge, you may now begin.

[Technical Difficulty]

Ladies and gentlemen, this is the operator. I apologize, but there will be a slight delay in today's
conference. Please hold and the conference will resume momentarily. Thank you for your patience.

Timothy K. Leveridge
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm here with James Quincey, our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer; and John Murphy, our Chief Financial Officer.

Before we begin, please note that we posted schedules under the Financial Information tab in the
Investors section of our company website at www.coca-colacompany.com. These schedules reconcile
certain non-GAAP financial measures, which may be referred to by our senior executives during this
morning's discussion to our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles. You can
also find schedules in the same section of our website that provide an analysis of gross and operating
margins.

In addition, this conference call may contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning
long-term earnings objectives and should be considered in conjunction with cautionary statements
contained in our earnings release and in the company's most recent periodic SEC report. Following
prepared remarks this morning, we'll turn the call over for your questions.

[Operator Instructions] Now I'll turn the call over to James.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. In what remains a highly dynamic environment, our first
quarter results showed promising signs that a broader recovery is on the horizon. We're encouraged by
early results in markets where mobility is on the rise.

This morning, I'll share what we're seeing around the world and provide an update on the actions we've
taken to accelerate our transformation, including improvements in our portfolio, innovation and marketing
approaches enabled by the evolution of our culture and our network organization. Then I'll hand over
the call to John to discuss the financial details of the quarter and how we'll continue to deliver on our
objectives over the course of the year.

In the first quarter, we positioned our business to recovery while executing against our emerging stronger
agenda, equipping our system to win. At the start of the year, pandemic-related lockdowns were still
impacting many markets. We moved quickly as conditions changed, improving along the way and getting
better at managing each wave and its resulting lockdowns. During the quarter, we saw mobility increase in
some parts of the world where lockdowns eased and vaccinations accelerated.

Leveraging our learnings, we drove sequential improvement in our business throughout the quarter. And
while we saw mid-single-digit volume declines through mid-February, trends have improved since then.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

We're pleased to say that March marked a return to volume levels seen in March of 2019 prior to the
pandemic.

We continue to see ongoing strength in at-home channels, offset by away-from-home trends, which have
improved sequentially but remain pressured relative to pre-pandemic levels. We're working with our
customers and bottling partners to sustain at-home momentum and capture improving away-from-home
demand.

For example, in Latin America, our Prospera program with our bottlers helps the traditional trade thrive
through assistance with their marketing efforts, resulting in outperformance in this critical channel.

In Great Britain, we launched Open, a business accelerator program to support pubs, bars and cafes.
In North America, Our use of meal bundles is driving incidents in pickup and delivery transactions with
foodservice customers.

In 2020, we gained underlying share in both at-home and away-from-home channels, offset by negative
channel mix. This continues to be the dynamic affecting our share year-to-date. Through our ongoing
initiatives, and as away-from-home demand improves over the course of the year, we'll seek to build on
these wins in 2021. There are clear opportunities to reaccelerate share positions as the recovery plays out,
and we'll invest to drive momentum with focus and flexibility.

In markets at the forefront of the recovery, we've seen early signs that our actions taken during the
pandemic are helping us outpace recovery. It's important to note that the path to a full recovery remains
asynchronous around the world. Many markets haven't yet turned a corner and are still managing through
the restrictions.

Looking around the world. In Asia Pacific, China continues to lead the recovery with volume in the first
quarter ahead of 2019 results and foot traffic almost back to pre-pandemic levels. Strong performance
in India and Southwest Asia was driven by effective marketing across brands, affordable solutions and
distribution expansion with 250,000 new outlets and 45% more new coolers. Despite the unexpected state
of emergency earlier in the year, Japan expanded successful RGM initiatives geographically and across
brands to help drive improvements later in the quarter.

In EMEA, vaccine rollout in Europe has been slower than anticipated, and many countries have been
impacted by ongoing lockdowns. In Eurasia and Middle East, brand Coke recruited 4.4 million consumers
through affordability packages and a focus on at-home occasions.

New marketing campaigns drove improvement in flavored sparkling soft drinks, and Fuse Tea reached
an all-time high value share in Turkey. In Africa, mass vaccination is expected to take longer than the
developed markets. And despite ongoing volatility, Africa worked closely with our bottlers to deliver
volume growth, led by stepped-up execution through cooler placement and affordability packs like
returnable glass bottles.

In North America, the year is off to a good start. Ongoing strength in at-home channels was driven by
core brands in our sparkling portfolio as well as Simply, Fair Life and Gold Peak, all with encouraging
results. Away-from-home began to improve in March as vaccinations and mobility picked up.

In Latin America, we leveraged our core brand, digital initiatives and refillable packages to recover ahead
of the economy and our industry despite ongoing restrictions. While from away-from-home continues to
be impacted by lockdowns, we are expanding the at-home consumption opportunity, leveraging consumer
dynamics like indulgence and single-serve multipacks.

Global Ventures continued to be impacted by lockdowns in the U.K., but as restrictions loosen, we're
focusing on driving digital engagement and traffic back to the Costa stores. Costa Express machines
continued to deliver strong performance.

Turning to our transformation. Our operating units are up and running and off to a very good start in
the rollout of our new model. Across markets, our newly networked organization has us working more
collaboratively with the overall enterprise in mind. Our operating unit and category leadership teams are

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

working together to identify the most promising combinations across the industry based on economic
outlook, consumer trends, channel dynamics and execution imperatives.

We're using more disciplined resource allocation to capture the biggest opportunities while making ongoing
portfolio decisions faster and at scale. We're focused on our streamlined growth portfolio, actively and
thoughtfully transitioning brands to more powerful trademarks using a phased approach to bringing the
consumer with us on the journey. And we're maximizing shelf space for new product launches and higher
velocity products to drive higher quality growth.

As we discussed at CAGNY, we're focusing on what we do best, marketing our loved brands in more
efficient and effective ways. Our Sprite Let's be Clear campaign kicked off in markets from Asia to Africa to
Latin America. The message is resonating with consumers, with impressions, views and engagement levels
above last year and intent-to-purchase metrics showing promising signs. This campaign aligns with our
transition to a more sustainable clear bottle, which is important in helping us achieve our World Without
Waste goals.

Our media and creative agency reviews are progressing, and we're also executing more targeted
opportunities in addition to the big strategic shifts. For instance, we've taken a scaled, digitized approach
to buying trade materials, resulting in an up to 15% cost reduction and improved user experience, all
while offering more consistent, better quality and sustainable alternatives. We've extended this [ pooled ]
buying opportunity to our bottlers, many of whom are already on board to share the benefits system-wide.

Our more disciplined innovation approach is yielding results as we balance big bets with intelligent
experimentation. Using our network approach, we are scaling our best innovations quickly and effectively
while being disciplined with those that don't get the traction required for further investment. Local
experiments like Aquarius with functional benefits and Ayataka Cafe Matcha Latte in Japan, Kantar's
exciting mystery flavor innovation in Europe and package innovations like the 13.2-ounce recycled PET
bottle in North America, could all be lifted and shifted globally over time, similar to what we're doing this
year with a half-flavored sparkling water.

Our big bets for 2021 include ongoing work to scale our coffee platform under Costa. We're expanding
ready-to-drink coffee in China and taking a portfolio approach to complement our powerful Georgia coffee
brand in Japan.

We're also rolling out an enhanced formula and package design for Coca-Cola Zero Sugar this month in
Europe and Latin America and across markets globally later this year. The improved recipe brings its taste
even closer to that as the iconic Coca-Cola original taste. This was influenced by consumer insight and our
focus on constant improvement.

And despite its enormous success, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar still represents a relatively small percentage of
the trademark, and we continue to respond to consumer desires for lower sugar options, and the rollout
will be supported by a global occasion-based marketing campaign.

Finally, it's early days, but we're excited to come back and report on our expanded experimentation in
flavored alcoholic beverages with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer in Latin America, Europe, and most recently, the
U.S.

We also continue to rapidly digitize our ecosystem. For example, our chat body in South Africa engages
with consumers on social media to increase away-from-home transactions. In China, we've used digital
campaigns to harness consumer data to drive traffic and incidents leading to incremental growth. We're
using machine learning and AI tools to stay on top of a rapidly evolving consumer trends and identify
emerging needs.

Our dedicated digital transformation structure and leading to strong online to offline growth. We've seen
e-commerce share gains in our key advanced markets like North America, Japan and Great Britain, and in
markets like Turkey, where the channel is still developing, with more than tripled sales and gained almost
10 points of share versus last year. As always, we are supporting these initiatives with strong revenue
growth management and execution.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Through RGM, we continue to capture at-home occasions with multipack options in both premium and
affordable segments, while expanding distribution of smaller packaging like our slick cans in China. And
we have affordability plays like our successful refillables in Latin America, the Philippines and now, Africa.
And as part of our new organization, we're dedicating more resources to RGM, continuing to raise the bar
to even higher standards.

In many markets, we're working with our bottling partners to optimize cooler placement, driving
incremental volume through outstanding customer service, higher cooler productivity and innovation.
Our bottling partners are executing strongly. And together, we are working on initiatives across the
enterprise to identify more efficiencies. We're operating in a networked way, leveraging our platform
services organization to scale our collective data, marketing, digital and supply chain capabilities.

Our system continues to evolve, as shown by the pending combination of Coca-Cola European Partners
and Coca-Cola Amatil. And just this morning, we announced our intent to list Coca-Cola Beverages Africa
as an independent African bottler through an initial public offering.

I'm especially proud of how we are delivering on our purpose as a company. Every action is guided by
our ambition to create a more sustainable business and better shared future that makes a difference
in people's lives, our communities and the planet. Throughout the pandemic, we focused on helping
communities through relief funds from the company and the Coca-Cola Foundation. In this next phase, we
are supporting vaccination efforts in regions where distribution has been slower.

For instance, in Brazil, our system has partnered with the country's Ministry of Health Co-creator Vaccine
Awareness campaign. We're using our network to deliver 700,000 doses with vaccine information to more
than 350,000 mom-and-pop stores.

Tomorrow, we'll release our 2020 business and ESG report, where we will highlight last year's progress.
While 2020 was a milestone year in terms of meeting and exceeding some previous goals like women's
empowerment and global water replenishment, we continue to work toward an even more ambitious
agenda. This includes our 2025 and 2030 packaging goals, our 2030 climate goal and our new 2030 water
security strategy with more details to come later this year.

In conclusion, we're optimistic about the future and bullish about our ability to continue to deliver on the
objectives we laid out at the height of the crisis, more consumers, more share, better system economics
and a positive stakeholder impact.

Now I'll turn the call to John to discuss how we're delivering results through a continued dynamic
environment.

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, James, and good morning to everybody on the call. Today, I will highlight our first quarter
performance and go over our top line and earnings guidance, which we are reiterating. Then I'll provide
a progress update on working capital, our ability to manage through the current commodity environment
and other factors that may impact our outlook.

2021 is off to a good start with the quarter showing steady sequential monthly improvement. We're
leveraging our learnings and strategic initiatives from 2020 and leaning into growth in a thoughtful way.
Our Q1 organic revenue was up 6%, driven by concentrate shipments up 5% and price/mix improvement
of 1%.

While shipments benefit from certain timing impacts and the 5 additional days this quarter versus last
year, unit case volume was flat versus the toughest quarterly compare of 2020 and March volume was in
line with 2019 levels, largely driven by strength in Asia Pacific. Comparable gross margins, although still
down year-over-year, improved sequentially, driven by less pressure from channel and package mix. While
currency was still somewhat of a drag, it was less of a headwind than prior quarters.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Comparable operating margin expanded through ongoing disciplined cost management. We continue to
reintroduce marketing spend in a targeted way, particularly as we ramp up investments in markets that
are seeing recovery. First quarter comparable EPS of $0.55 is an increase of 8% year-over-year and was
driven by top line growth, margin improvement and some contribution from equity income, offset by
currency headwinds.

Regarding our ongoing tax case with the IRS. There are no material updates since our last report. Our
decisions and actions from last year certainly were not easy, but we are seeing the results of our efforts
start to come through, and our organization is embracing the changes as we move forward into the
recovery phase.

We've stayed very focused on driving a healthy top line, and we remain on a journey to maximize returns,
including strong cash flow generation. We never relented on our cash flow goals and indeed have had
an even sharper focus on managing capital spend and working capital. Since we embarked on a journey
toward best-in-class working capital performance, we've made great strides in extending our payment
terms, generating a working capital improvement of more than $1 billion over 2 years.

In the same vein, we are implementing accounts receivables factoring programs, which are rolling out
across a number of markets and also looking at initiatives to better manage inventory days. At the center
of these efforts is a robust digitization and automation agenda.

In addition, and you've heard us talk conceptually about the network model, this is a great example of the
network in action. And when you put the right people from different parts of the organization against key
initiatives, it delivers a step change in performance.

Last quarter, we said that despite a rising commodity environment, we expected a relatively benign impact
in 2021, given our hedged positions. While this continues to be the case, we're closely monitoring upward
pressure in some inputs such as high fructose corn syrup, PET, metals and other packaging materials as
they impact us as well as our bottling partners.

Given the environment, we'll continue to benefit from revenue growth management initiatives. Through
an intelligently diverse price pack architecture, we can produce a range of options that meet the needs
of consumers across the income spectrum while also capturing value for customers. 2020 provided
great learnings on how to be more surgical and data-driven in our promotions and we'll continue to be
purposeful in our approach, driven by the consumer and the strength of our brands. We'll also continue to
pursue productivity across the supply chain, pushing all levers at our disposal.

Since we last provided guidance, the U.S. dollar has strengthened. And as we noted in our release, we
now expect currency to be a tailwind of approximately 1% to 2% to the top line and approximately 2% to
3% to comparable EPS in 2021 based on current spot rates and our hedge positions. For the full year, we
now expect an underlying effective tax rate of 19.1%.

Putting it all together, our quarterly performance and the momentum we saw in March give us confidence
in our ability to achieve our 2021 guidance. We expect high single-digit organic revenue growth and high
single-digit to low double-digit growth in comparable earnings per share. We still expect recovery to be
asynchronous and to see signs of a return to normal in more markets later in 2021. We are preparing our
end-to-end supply chain for stronger demand and we'll fuel the momentum in recovering markets as they
emerge from the pandemic by accelerating investments in our brands.

There's no doubt that uncertainty remains. Europe continues to see challenges. And many countries in
regions like Latin America and Africa expect further waves and slower vaccine distribution. And India is
seeing a surge in cases and responding with localized lockdowns. But as we begin to lap the most difficult
periods from last year, we feel good about our position and our ability to navigate the environment as
a company and as a system. Based on the lessons we've learned and the agility provided by our new
network organization, we remain confident that our actions and the progress we've made will enable us to
deliver 2021 earnings at or above 2019 levels.
With that, operator, we are ready to take questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.

Dara Warren Mohsenian
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So clearly, top line growth in Q1, it recovered to a greater extent than the market expected. You guys
mentioned a good start to the year, the sequential improvement. So I guess, a, can you just discuss
volume trends in March in markets where restrictions have loosened and mobilities picked up, such as the
U.S.? Maybe contrast that with the markets where restrictions are still in place and what that portends
going forward? And then, b, totally understand it's a very fluid environment. But with March volume
already back to 2019 levels, the top line upside in the quarter, can you just help me understand the
unchanged full year top line outlook? Is it just that it's early given the volatility? We only have 1 quarter in
the books to become more positive on the full year. Just sort of trying to understand your mindset on the
full year revenue guidance relative to the Q1 upside.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Thanks, Dara. So firstly, the first quarter was strong. Absolutely, we gained momentum, and we
achieved that good momentum in the first quarter, which is really the fruition of the emerging stronger
plan we set out a year ago, saying we wanted to get back to 2019 levels well ahead of the economy by
gaining more share, more customers, better system economics. And I think that's what you're starting to
see happen in the first quarter. And obviously, we've been driving that by focusing on the brands and on
the innovation. And the bottlers have been executing in the marketplace, and it's certainly heartening to
see us get back to 2019 volume levels in March.

And we did all of that whilst doing -- finishing the implementation of the reorganization. So the employees
on the company side were able to both deliver the results and stand up the new organization with the
operating units and platform services and really hit the ground running. So I think it's actually a super
creditable performance in the first quarter.

Secondly, the downhill and the question about guidance. I mean, ultimately, it's early, and it's not early
just in a normal sense. It's early in the context of the pandemic.

Also breaking the news today is the weekly new cases of COVID has hit an all-time peak. So whilst
vaccinations are rising in many countries, U.S., U.K., et cetera, the flip side is there's actually a new high
in terms of cases. Obviously, a number of developing markets, but also Europe as well, Continental Europe
as well. So the visibility into the downhill is very much linked to the trajectory of the pandemic and as it
relates to our business, the trajectory of the lockdowns.

Very clearly, as we've talked on in previous quarters, lockdowns because we have half our business
in away-from-home, are impacted directly by degree of -- the degree of lockdown. And there are still
lockdowns coming on, a number in Europe, some of the developing markets.

Conversely, as markets start to open, It's worth remembering it's not an on-off switch. There's a phasing
of how markets tend to reopen. But that's true in the U.S. So for example, in the U.S., the fountain
volumes were still negative in March because whilst people are going out to restaurants and there's more
mobility, it's not back to what it was. The occupancy levels of offices are nowhere near 100%. And so
reopening is not an on-off switch. There's a rebuilding and there's a series of phases of reopening. And so
that's a very important factor. And it's somewhat unpredictable with the downhill.

So it's too early to call, not in a business sense, but in a lockdown and reopening sense. And the reality is
that there are more cases now than there were a while ago. So we still feel very confident in our guidance

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

on the top and the bottom line. But there's a lot of managing left to do, and we're certainly focused on
giving ourselves the flexibility and agility to be able to do that.

And which leads me to my third point, which I think is worth making. Unlike normal times, one should not
automatically assume that more revenue is always going to flow straight down to the bottom line. Much
as we did in 2020, we are going to be very judicious and focused on investing where we believe reopening
and demand is coming back, and not investing if we don't think the response in the marketplace is there.

So you're going to see, as we go through 2021, we will be looking at both levers. If we see the demand
is coming in at the kind of the higher end, because more reopenings happen more quickly for whatever
reason and revenue starts to accelerate, we're also likely to reaccelerate the restitution of the marketing
spend. Conversely, if whatever reason, revenue starts to look a little weaker, then we are likely to hold
back on some of the marketing. So I think it's important, as you think about the rest of the year, that you
don't think of it as a normal times. One has to think about how we are using the resources judiciously and
wanting to invest to drive growth and get back to normal.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.

Bryan Douglass Spillane
BofA Securities, Research Division

John, I wanted to pick up on some of the comments you made relative to inflation. And I guess kind
of thinking about it past '21 and into '22, just given the recent trends, which have elevated pretty
meaningfully across a lot of inputs really across our whole coverage universe, if that stays in effect for
'22, can you talk a little bit about what you can do working with the system, so with the bottlers, to try
to manage that inflation and really beyond revenue management? So just how much -- what type of
actions can you take in terms of procurement. Maybe finding inefficiencies that exist between the Coca-
Cola Company and the bottling system? Just really trying to understand in a scenario where inflation stays
meaningfully elevated in a way that we haven't seen in a real long time, just what types of things you
could contemplate to try to help the system manage that inflation?

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Bryan. Good topic and one that with our bottling partners around the world, we're looking at
it in a very holistic manner. Managing inflation is not new to the system. And it's one -- it's an area that
needs to be [ looked ] as locally and working closely in partnership with our bottlers.

As you said, the inflationary pressures, particularly surrounding some of our key commodities, it looks like
it is going to be more of a headwind in '22, '21. We are, as we said in the release, pretty well-covered and
in good shape.

And so when you think about the actions we take, first and foremost, I think it is important to highlight
that as an overarching principle around the world, we typically look to take pricing in line with inflation.
And I would expect that, that principle will continue to be adhered to as we move into the back half of '21
and even into '22.

Secondly, while I know you mentioned beyond RGM, I do think it's important to reinforce, execute a
pricing strategy in the most relevant and meaningful fashion locally. And so that will continue to be a key
priority.

Thirdly, on the things that we can do on the productivity area. Like I would point to our supply chain,
particularly with our bottling partners in the last 6 to 12 months coming through the pandemic and indeed
coming out of it, the level of engagement we've had with our -- within the system on unlocking value in
the supply chain through greater efficiencies has been phenomenal. And I would expect that momentum
to continue into the rest of this year and into 2022.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

We have had, over the last number of years, the benefits of leveraging our cross-enterprise procurement
group, a group of people that work on behalf of the entire system around the world that are able to
leverage the global scale of the system and I think arrive as some of the most competitive pricing that we
can guess, that anybody can guess when it comes to key inputs.

So when you take sort of an overarching holistic view of it, we've got a -- I think, a tried and trued
practice of being able to take pricing in line with inflation, leverage RGM to do it in the most intelligent
fashion and increasingly operate as a global system to leverage our scale, taking into account some of
the sort of the historic groups we have like cross-enterprise procurement, but also new opportunities are
bounding as a result of the overall strategy we've been pursuing during and after the pandemic.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Nik Modi with RBC Capital Markets.

Sunil Harshad Modi
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

James, I was hoping you could provide some tangible examples of how the company's new decision-
making infrastructure is manifesting better outcomes generally. And maybe just kind of contrast that to
what those decisions would have looked like under the older model?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure, Nik. A few examples. One, I think John has already mentioned the cash flow. We struggled for many
years to get up into best-in-class cash conversion of working capital. And the work that has been done by
the finance network has produced a great result, and that's clearly flowing through not just in terms of the
kind of theoretical amount of days working capital, but the actual cash coming into the company in the
first quarter, which was a really strong result, and that's something that we have struggled to do in the
past.

Another example would be we have -- we've been rolling out a global campaign on Sprite, which has got
excellent early traction in terms of consumer engagement, in terms of purchase intent. And that was
developed by the category leads and the key operating units and has been rolled out across the world,
something that we unable to do or unable to convince ourselves to do historically.

And so we believe that, that is making some cut through. The supply chain optimization working with the
bottlers and really focusing on reducing the unit cost of what we do and looking across all the metrics, an
increasing data transparency is happening. And then you go to some of the platform services where we're
really starting to be able to implement, especially in those areas where 1 single global solution makes total
sense.

We've had examples from buying trade materials through global platforms, driving significant savings for
ourselves and the system. And then hopefully, later this month, we'll turn on our latest SAP update, which
will go from one that was done 20 years ago, which was probably one of the world's most complicated
and therefore, most expensive to a much more effective solution. So I think across the company, from the
front end of marketing and engaging with consumers through our operations through to the bottlers, we
are able to make the contact points and get faster, better solutions.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.

Lauren Rae Lieberman
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

This is probably a good lead-in from all 3 of the last questions. But I want to talk a little bit about
profitability because it was interesting to me that I think margins in almost every division outside of EMEA
were comfortably ahead of where they were in the first quarter of 2019 and knowing that COVID comps

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

weren't necessarily a dynamic for all regions in the first quarter of last year. If I still benchmark back to
'19, the profitability improvements are significant.

And so I was curious how much knowing, James, your comments on wanting to invest to support recovery
is a very important dynamic. But how much do you think of that margin improvement that we're seeing
so -- at this point is tied to these broad range of cost management initiatives across the board and RGM
inclusive versus timing of marketing the need to put back in and continue funding the business? And it
may be different region to region, of course, as well.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Look, clearly, the reinvestment of marketing is going to vary somewhat by a region
in 2021 for the reasons I outlined in that answer to the first question. So I think it's important as you think
about margins to recognize that 2021 is also going to be a somewhat a typical year. There will be markets
around the world where we judge the situation such that we don't have a normal level of marketing. And
so that does tend to favor margins -- operating margins at that point in time. And so it is important to
break it apart and look at it by the different regions.

We certainly are not coming out with some numerical margin target for many of the same reasons that we
removed the previous target. But we are focused ultimately on growing the business. And embedded in
our long-term growth model is an implicit assumption that we can slowly or steadily, perhaps better said,
improve margins over time because there is a lot of efficiency work going on within the cost of goods sold,
within the DME, particularly the nonworking part of the DME. We've got a lot of focus on the agency roster
and how we spend the money we spend before we even get to see the consumer.

And obviously, we've done the networked organization, which was about making us better able to support
the growth aspirations, but it is also a more efficient organization. And so all those things will go into
the mix. And it would be remiss of me to not include the impact of RGM because to the extent that we
can leverage RGM, that also helps on the gross margin and ultimately, operating income margins. So we
will be pulling all those levers as we go through 2021. But again, it won't be a fully normal year in every
region. And so you will see some of these strange effects.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Carlos Laboy with HSBC.

Carlos Alberto Laboy
HSBC, Research Division

Could you give us a sense of where you are seeing some notable progress this past year on digital
transformation, perhaps tied into this inflation and margin question, right, by commenting on how digital
tools are perhaps helping you mitigate or stay ahead of inflationary pressure in some markets that might
be getting ahead of the curve here?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

I mean the digital transformation is much above and beyond coping with the inflation, although, of course,
some of the tools will help us manage if there's an inflationary spike. Clearly, you can look at the digital
transformation in terms of our engagement with consumers, and there are some good examples of
progress. China, which has started the year very strongly, not just compared to 2020, but compared to
2019, in a much bigger shift into digital engagement with consumers or even in Japan with our own Coke
on apps that we use to connect people to the vending machines, and the cashless options and a large
uptick in monthly active.

So there is a great deal of progress being made in terms of how we engage through digital media, how we
engage directly with consumers in a digital relationship that's helping there. The system, I used -- I talked
about the example of buying materials with digital platforms. But clearly, there's a huge piece of what

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

needs to happen, which is the backbone of both the company and the bottlers and the interoperability of
all the data where we're making excellent progress.

And ultimately, all those insights and all those efficiencies help us manage the inflationary pressures out
there, whether we use the insights to engage more consumers or we use the insights to drive the RGM
thinking and implementations or to identify efficiencies.

I mean, in a way, digital is becoming just the way business is done. And it's just like saying, "I turn up and
have to manage the business and use all these tools to do all the things I got to do."

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Maybe I'll just add one comment there, James. If you think about the emerging stronger programs that
we've outlined over the last 6 to 9 months, it would not have been possible to do 3 years ago. The degree
to which we have been able to operate in a fast and efficient manner across the globe to deliver this
program is all just the fact that we have essentially become digitized in how we work and how we operate,
just to support. But James, [ on ] your last comment there.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.

Stephen Robert R. Powers
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Maybe pivoting back to the top line. So March volume is back to even with 2019 is just a very key and
promising milestone. And we've seen sequential progress over the last few quarters. But I guess I'm
curious whether that trend back to 2019 levels has been relatively smooth on a global basis or if there's
been more volatility underneath the service than we may appreciate looking at the headline numbers.
So maybe if you could just frame for us how performance versus 2019 has trended over the past few
months? And if you expect those trends to -- and how you expect those trends to evolve over the course
of the year in terms of whether it would be relatively smooth, even or lumpy with case counts and
vaccinations and the like. And I guess, ultimately, do you expect to be back to growth versus '19 when the
dust settles on April? Or is that too ambitious?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

So the progress, when you stand back and look at the numbers in aggregate, clearly, April was the
deepest hole that we fell into in 2020. And then as we adapted the business and really drove what we
were doing, then we sequentially got better. So kind of we fell into the hole. I think it was like minus 25
or something in April last year, and then it was negative teens and then negative single digits, slowly
improving through the rest of 2020. And then coming into 2021, obviously, we're then cycling the bad
year. But if we compare to 2019, it got better as we went from January and February, which was still
below the '19 levels, and obviously, March was above.

I mean April has started well. It's obviously going to be the weirdest month because we're cycling
something very low. I think most importantly, I would refer you back to the comment I made, the second
thing I said relative -- in the first answer, which is just because March has got back to the level and that
just because April has started well 1 week, there's no guarantee that, that is then some kind of trend that
is in the bank. The principal uncertainty remains the risk of additional lockdowns. Much as 2019 -- 2020's
numbers were heavily impacted by the degree of lockdown, that will remain true this year.

So whilst we've got back above the line of flotation in March, there's no guarantee there won't be
some extra degree of lockdowns in May or September or December that then puts pressure back on
the business. So I don't think -- I know I keep hitting this point. We had a super start to the year, the
momentum is building, but this very unusual factor of the pandemic and lockdowns continues to be an
uncertainty factor that one can't draw a straight line through the historic data.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Now once you get under the surface of the overall global numbers, which kind of look like the kind of
the tick mark, if you like, going down and then kind of steadily improving, clearly, you get much more
variability at a country level, again, heavily influenced by the degree of lockdown. So in a sense, April
last year was the worst because you had the most number of countries, most -- the highest degree of
synchronization of lockdowns globally. And I think this idea of saying the recovery will be asynchronous
is we already see that in the first half. You've got countries where the vaccine levels are going up and the
reopening is occurring, U.S., U.K., China, for examples. And yet you've got countries going in exactly the
opposite direction with cases shooting up and more levels of lockdown. And that's what we're trying to
highlight with this asynchronous. It may be that as a total company, it all looks smoothed out somewhat
but this asynchronous feature will be very important in 2021.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.

Bonnie Lee Herzog
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I was hoping to switch gears a little bit and maybe hear a little bit more color behind your decision to
IPO Africa. And I know you guys have explored a sale in the past, but why do you think this is the right
decision for that business? And then how do you expect this will impact the performance of the business
going forward? And maybe potential benefits you might see.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Thanks, Bonnie. It means, certainly, it's always been our intention to reduce our ownership in CCBA
in line with our strategy, as John puts it, to become the world's smallest Coke bottler. And so we were
always contemplating how we would refranchise CCBA. I mean the CCBA, Coca-Cola Beverages Africa, is a
strong, well-structured, capable bottler. And we have always considered, as one of the options, whether to
have it be a freestanding entity in Africa. And we have reached the conclusion that if one thinks about the
future potential of the African market and the African continent and how much long growth there is there,
I mean it is the youngest billion people are in Africa. We think it would -- we've ultimately concluded it
would be right for the development of the business in Africa to have an African-headquartered, African
bottler that is operating on the continent. And so the readthrough is we believe in the future of Africa as a
continent, as an economy. We think we've got a great capable bottler that can help lead our ability to grow
there. And then an IPO will allow us to set that up to be a source of growth for many years to come.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.

Andrea Faria Teixeira
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And so can you quantify how much the impact of the winter storms had in your volumes in Q1? And as a
follow-up on your comments before, can you please give us an idea how you're trending in Q2 the same
way you did, and it helped us in the first quarter? And just because -- just a quick one on the U.S. tax
dispute. What is your base case in terms of the timing for the appeal at this point and your impact on the
cash flow?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

John, do you...

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Yes, I'll take it. I'll maybe start with the tax question. Andrea, thank you for the questions, but let's start
with the tax question. In terms of the say on timing, it's -- we do not have a picture at the moment. We
are dependent on the outcome of another case before any further developments take place with our own
case. And we have no visibility into that outcome. So we'll keep you apprised as we know more.

On the storms in the U.S., it's not a material impact to our business. And with regard to volumes in Q2,
it's very so early in the quarter. Not a lot of -- we've -- not a lot to say at the moment. I think the key
highlight really as we look at the downhill is the fact that March was significantly improved in a number
of markets where mobility is improving. And we'll continue, I think, to see a close relationship between
mobility and our performance.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala from Credit Suisse.

Kaumil S. Gajrawala
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And fantastic pronunciation, operator. I don't get that frequently. Thank you. If I may ask, James and
John, about competition and maybe particularly in the United States, it looks like Pepsi is getting some
momentum. We obviously just heard from them on Friday. Curious, it seems, of course, that pricing
remains rational, but perhaps from a competitiveness ex pricing, maybe that's increasing. So if you could
just talk about what you're seeing there, that would be useful.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think the -- certainly, we always are happy to see other companies invest in into the beverage
industry because that tends to create more consumer engagement. And obviously, we pay attention to
what they're doing because hopefully, we can learn from them. There's a lot of very capable competitors
out there. So we like to learn from them. But in the end, we focus on what we can do. And in the U.S., in
particular, channel mix aside, we gained share. We gained share going forward in beverages in the U.S.
business. And we feel confident that as the channel trends and the reopening bring back the away-from-
home businesses, which, of course, they started to do in March, then we will be able to capitalize on those
trends as well.

And as it relates to promotional activity, I mean, ultimately, we are seeing kind of rational pricing,
a promotional environment in the U.S. And we'll certainly be looking to build on that with our RGM
capabilities and with the bottling system to really drive and leverage the investments we're collectively
making as a system in the marketing and the execution to drive the business forward.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.

Robert Edward Ottenstein
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

A couple of questions on Topo Chico. It looks like a very strong start in the U.S. with about a 3% market
share. But you started even earlier, I think, in October, in Mexico and Brazil and now rolling out in Europe.
Can you talk to us a little bit about how you feel about the execution of the bottling network with an
adult beverage? Any signs of trends in terms of repeat in some of the earlier markets? And any general
learnings that you've gotten so far as you evaluate what could be a new growth engine for the company?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Robert. So in the markets where it's been in longer, so Latin America and Europe, about 14
markets between them, a couple of things we're seeing. Obviously, the degree of resonance is depending

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

on the degree of category development that might already exist or not exist in some of those markets.
And so we've seen different levels of engagement depending on whether the categories there are.

Secondly, I mean, we're clearly in the mode of learning how to compete in this category, both from a
branding point of view and from an execution point of view. But we're definitely starting to see improving
trends and good repeats in the context of the different markets where it's been launched, whether that be
Latin America or in Europe. We're still building out distribution in Mexico, for example. But we've done a
good start in Europe a little easier, as I said, because the categories are a bit more developed in the West
versus the East. And so our focus is maximizing the amount of learning that we're doing.

And as it relates to the U.S., whilst our overall share is 3%, and I would double underline that Topo Chico,
as a brand, is well- known in the U.S. and therefore, get -- driving or creating trial on a well-known brand
with an innovation is actually relatively straightforward. The key is repeat, and we have not yet got to
the point of having good repeat data in the U.S. Having opened a big caveat umbrella, I would comment
that Topo Chico Hard Seltzer might have 3% overall in the U.S., but actually in Texas, where we've kind
of concentrated some of the launch, it's almost hit a 20 share in the first 2 weeks of launch. So we are
encouraged by the early results, but it's all going to come down to repeat, and nothing is worth anything
without repeat.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.

Kevin Michael Grundy
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Congratulations on the nice progress this quarter. James, I wanted to come back to your Asia Pacific
business, specifically China. Obviously, a really strong result. This comes on the heels of PepsiCo's strong
results in China as well. China, obviously, earlier to the pandemic than other countries, and then you're
seeing nice strong consumer demand here. So a few questions, please.

One, can you talk about what you're seeing by channel, both at-home and away-from-home? Maybe
comment briefly on the trends in April relative to the strong result in the first quarter. And then lastly, just
how the strong demand in China may be informing your view with respect to recovery in other markets.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. Yes. Clearly, clearly good results, good results in China. We're definitely -- I mean, obviously, we're
lapping or beginning to lap the kind of the worst part of 2020. But ahead of 2019, we've lengthened to
the reopening and the reenergizing of China with the consumer marketing with a big push into digital
engagement with the consumer with a big push into e-commerce, and we are benefiting from that.

It is worth noting that in terms of the channels, almost what we see, and this is true when you look at not
just China, but if you start looking at Australia or even in the U.S., you see kind of a -- phases or waves of
the reopening. And so as the reopening occurs, actually, you get a lot of people going out to restaurants
and the kind of the full service eating away and that goes up, bearing in mind that the universe of mom-
and-pop stores and the universe of small restaurants has shrunk. People have -- the number of people
running those sorts of businesses has shrunk, and I think we're going to see that all across the world. So
there is a consolidation sectors. And as the reopening occurs, you see a lot of going out in the evenings.
So all the channels related to that come back first.

The second kind of wave of improvements in channels is loosely in the bucket of office and commuting
because as the reopening happens, people go out, yet the offices aren't back to 100% capacity. So you've
not got that ecosystem of commuting and lunch time in the big city centers at full. And that's the kind of
the second business coming back in China. And actually, you don't see that back yet in the U.S. In March,
you see the restaurants kind of bouncing back, but you don't see the kind of the ecosystem [indiscernible]
of of [ rings ] kind of phase of channels, whether that be cinemas, concerts, sporting events, et cetera,
et cetera. And that's only very partial [ climate ]. So I think, think of there's kind of a set of waves of

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

reopening as the economy normalizes. And we've thought about that, and we're kind of investing both in
the consumer. And the bottlers are doing a great job of investing for the customers and the retailers, and
we're seeing a very nice result.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Sean King with UBS.

Sean Roberts King
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

This happened to a number of regions, but APAC concentrate sales came in 11 points ahead of the unit
case volume. But what drove that gap besides the, I guess, the calendar shifts? And should we expect
like a reversal in this dynamic? Or is it something that is sort of -- is going to continue as we see markets
reopen?

John Murphy
Executive VP & CFO

So for APAC, just specifically on your question, yes, APAC did run ahead, mainly due to the extra days in
the quarter, and we also had a timing impact with regard to Chinese New Year in China, obviously. And so
-- but for the quarter, overall, you saw gallons running ahead, mainly due to the extra days in the quarter.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.

Laurent Daniel Grandet
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Yes, very nice pronunciation as well. Yes, so I'd like to focus on emerging markets. So you said in your
remarks that the volume case is curated to the consumer mobility driven by vaccination rates. So as
according to the WHO, I mean, vaccination rates should be about 70% by the end of the year in developed
market, but sadly just about 20% in emerging markets. So should we consider then that emerging
markets would be slower to recover? And really probably maybe you can provide some of your thoughts
there and maybe some granularity between those regions.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Sure. So I think, as you say, clearly, the vaccination rates in the developed markets is going to be ahead
of the developing markets for the duration of this year. The critical factor to add to that is the market
responds to the level of cases or the low vaccination rates in the developing markets. Because the thing
that impacts our business most directly is the degree of lockdown. And so it's the response to the level of
cases of the COVID and the resulting lockdowns rather than necessarily directly the level of vaccination
because there are countries where the level of vaccination is low. But because they had a strong lockdown
and then kind of lock the country up, say, Australia or whatever, then they've started to reopen.

So the key factor to look for is the degree of lockdown and think through, for that market, what's likely to
happen connected, of course, to the level of vaccination, but also to the level of cases and what the policy
response in the country is likely to be. And there'll be countries where I think, frankly and unfortunately,
they don't have the wherewithal and the physical capacity to implement large lockdowns, even if they've
not got all the vaccines that they want and the markets remain open. And of course, we will look for ways
to adapt the business to support the people, support the retailers and continue to engage with consumers
as that goes on.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Bill Chappell with Truist Securities.

William Bates Chappell

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

I just want to follow up, and this is fairly near term and acute to the U.S., but I'm just trying to
understand kind of the commentary of how you're looking at the business in that. I mean, it seems that
the U.S. will be different in kind of the reopening of everywhere else. So high majority of the population
will be inoculated in the next 30 days. Just as schools are getting out, just as the weather is getting good,
you have kind of sporting events talking about full capacity in June. I mean are you -- is that a scenario
you're prepared for and the bottling network is prepared for, if the business -- the on-premise business
just explodes? And -- or do you really think that this is just going to be kind of go from Phase 2 to Phase 3
in May and Phase 4 in June and slowly kind of open up over the summer?

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

I think the phases are going to exist, Bill. They're just going to happen very quickly in the U.S. So if I
look at what's already happening, I put eating and drinking in the evening in kind of Phase 1. I mean,
those -- that bit of the away-from-home was trending negative in volume, strongly negative in volume
in January and February and as the reopening happened, it jumps up in March. And as you say, so as
education and at work opens, both of which are still running negative in March, I think they're going to
jump up again. So what I think we're going to see, as the U.S. completes its kind of rapid vaccination, is a
quick succession of the phases rather than a drawn-out set of the phases. Other parts of the world where
the vaccination programs are slower, then I think you'll see a more gradual phasing of what happens.

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call
back over to James Quincey for any closing remarks.

James Robert B. Quincey
Chairman & CEO

Okay. So thanks very much, everyone. It's certainly been great talking to you all. We had an excellent first
quarter, very encouraging. Still many of the parts of the world yet to emerge from the pandemic. But as
we navigate this kind of dynamic environment, we'll continue to evolve and do better, and we are well-
positioned for the recovery as it plays out, both as an organization and as a system. And as always, we
thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

THE COCA-COLA COMPANY FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 19, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

