Trane Technologies plc NYSE:TT
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 05, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.52

0.43

(17.31 %)

1.14

3.95

4.87

Revenue  (mm)

2705.71

2641.30

(2.38 %)

3124.75

12073.28

12707.31

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-05-2020 1:21 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

2.05

1.91

1.42

0.52

2.09

1.99

1.40

0.43

1.95 %

4.19 %

(1.41 %)

(17.31 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Presentation

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator. Good morning. And thank you for joining us for Trane Technologies' First Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast on our website at tranetechnologies.com, where you'll
find the accompanying presentation. We are also recording and archiving this call on our website.

Please go to Slide 2. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-
looking statements and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. Please
see our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause our actual results to differ
materially from anticipated results. This presentation also includes non-GAAP measures, which are
explained in the financial tables attached to our news release.

Joining me on today's call are Mike Lamach, Chairman and CEO; Chris Kuehn, Senior Vice President and
CFO; and Dave Regnery, President and COO. With that, please go to Slide 3, and I'll turn the call over to
Mike. Mike?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Zac. And thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Under normal circumstances, I'd start
today's call with a brief overview of our global business strategy and how that's enabled us to deliver
strong financial results to our shareholders. But today, we're living through anything but normal times. So
suffice it for today's call, that although we've got a new look and feel under our new Trane Technologies
branding, our long-term strategy is unchanged. With that in mind, I'm going to move directly to Slide 4
and into the heart of our presentation today.

The focus of our call today is less about earnings in the quarter or even in 2020 and more about the long-
term health, strength and positioning of Trane Technologies as a pure-play climate control company as
business conditions adapt and eventually improve in a post-COVID-19 world. The depth and duration of a
downturn and subsequent recovery is a multi-varied equation that's impossible to solve.

None of us have ever experienced anything like this in our lifetimes. And we can't effectively draw
conclusions from historical reference points because there aren't any. Social distancing has never been
part of a recession vernacular. And it provides layers of complexity to our daily life that has far-reaching
personal and professional impacts that we're learning about and trying to adapt to as we go. And for
some, these impacts are more devastating and more personal than others.

As a global leader in our field, working with thousands of customers and suppliers and touching the
lives of exponentially more people, how we lead through this crisis and the things we prioritize matter
deeply. The implications of leading companies' actions are far-reaching. Major employer acting with a
singular short-term profit focus can take down a community. A community can take down one or dozens
of companies. And the unintended consequences can keep rolling downhill, exacerbating an already very
challenging situation.

We strongly believe the right course of action for our employees, our customers and our shareholders is to
lead authentically, steadily and with a sense of purpose. We will remain true to our strategy, maintaining
world-class employee safety, acting with uncompromising ethics and integrity, supporting the communities
in which we live and work and steadfast in our commitment to building a more sustainable world. These
are the fundamental building blocks that drive sustainable, differentiated financial performance for our
shareholders now and in the long term.

With this context in mind, our core operating principles through this downturn are clear. First, protecting
the safety and security of our people is paramount. And here, I'll start by saying that we have retained
more than 95% of our talented workforce annually for over a decade. And a strong and talented employee

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

base is the most important factor in creating great customer experiences and shareholder returns. We
have benchmark levels of employee engagement, which is core to our culture and values. And this is a
differentiator that is often overlooked.

Each time we survey our employees the top 3 things that our people identify with our culture of
engagement, are our sustainability purpose and the belief that one company can change an industry and
the industry can change the world. Second, it's the ethics and values we live and lead by. And third, it's
safety. In fact, with regard to our safety record, I don't know of another company today with a better
safety record than our own, within or anywhere outside our industry. Safety and respect for others are at
the core of our value system.

We went into the downturn as the premier climate control company. And a relentless focus on continued
high employee engagement will enable us to emerge on the other side of this downturn even stronger.
Since the crisis, we've gone to great lengths to keep our people safe across the globe. It's not just about
strict PPE protocols, dramatically increasing cleaning and disinfecting, or implementing employee active
screening and safe distancing protocols.

It's about fundamentally rethinking the way tens of thousands of people conduct their work in our offices,
factories and warehouses and then reconfiguring them for safe distancing through actions, such as
reconstructing and rebalancing production lines, radically adjusting material and workflows and investing
in new equipment to adjust for new lifting and positioning requirements and in every facet of how our
people work and move through our facilities. We are also actively helping our employees and communities
with financial assistance through this challenging time through supporting national and local community
organizations and through our employee-funded Trane Technologies Helping Hands Fund.

We are in a strong financial, balance sheet and liquidity position and will continue to generate powerful
free cash flow. We will utilize our strength to play aggressive offense throughout the downturn. We have
a strong management team, a proven operating system and confidence we can execute our downturn
scenario playbook to limit decrementals in line with our gross margins.

We announced the RMT transaction with Gardner Denver early in 2019. By mid-2019, well ahead of
the pandemic, we created an office of transformation that reports directly to me, blueprinting the
organizational design and developing transformational margin improvement opportunities for the pure-
play Trane Technologies of the future. The stack of projects related to these margin improvement
opportunities are progressing well and many are already underway.

We're looking forward to discussing these opportunities in detail at our Analyst Day, which is still slated
for the fall, whether that's in person or virtually. The transformation office also oversees a stranded
cost reduction programs. And this downturn has created an opportunity to accelerate the elimination of
stranded costs. We have now identified $90 million in permanent structural cost savings that we expect to
take effect in 2020 with run rate savings in 2021 of $110 million.

Lastly, I personally find it useful to continue to look at the future through a holistic sustainability lens:
first, sustaining the health, welfare, personal development and future of our talented people around
the world; next, keeping our communities safe, healthy and thriving; and finally, of course, business
sustainability, which means managing the business for the long term, including the opportunity we have
to invest and build our capabilities even in this downturn so that we can emerge with an even wider
competitive advantage. We have a tremendous opportunity to make this happen. In fact, looking back at
the last downturn in 2008, we couldn't be in a more different and preferential position in comparison or
better suited to capitalize on our advantages.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to discuss COVID-19 and our proactive response to the crisis in
more detail. Dave?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Thanks, Mike. Please go to Slide #5. During the quarter, the pace at which the COVID-19 pandemic
changed the economic landscape is unparalleled, moving from region-to-region, impacting our employees,
customers and communities as it spread.

For Trane Technologies, we began in early January forming crisis management teams to confront the
pandemic with employee safety as our #1 priority. As we moved into February, we closed all our facilities
in China. We proactively began addressing employee safety. As Mike alluded to on the previous slide, the
safety measures were more than just providing PPE. We took a holistic look at how we work. Our teams
proactively reconfigured our facilities to address the pandemic. We changed the way production lines flow,
the placement of machine operators and created physical barriers where necessary. We implemented
active screening, staggered break times, increased cleaning measures and frequency of cleaning measures
and expedited PPE.

By March, as we ramped up production in China with protective measures in place, the work of
reconfiguring our facilities moved to EMEA and the Americas. We proactively sent employees home and
ensured their pay would be held whole, to reduce the number of employees in our facilities to deliver
essential customer orders only. This increased the safety for our employees and greatly reduced our
facility output to provide time to implement the necessary safety measures fully in each facility. To be
clear, these safety measures were not limited to our plants. We proactively addressed employee safety in
our distribution centers, offices and parts stores. All facilities were in scope.

By the time April began, our plants in Asia Pacific completed their ramp-up. Our plants in EMEA and the
Americas began to ramp their production. And we expect most plants will be fully ramped early in May.
Throughout the quarter, our supply chain crisis management team proactively worked with our suppliers
as they addressed their own COVID-19 challenges. The team continues on a daily cadence to manage
potential risks. This team has done an excellent job. As we move into May, we are running with new line
rates and protocols and adjusting to meet customers' demands.

Please go to Slide #6. From the start, Trane Technologies has been addressing the crisis by bringing
expertise, technology and services to bear on critical applications for hospitals and other health care
facilities, like clinics, research laboratories and pharmaceutical production. By ensuring proper air
treatment, filtration, ventilation and decontamination, we're helping to keep patients and health care
workers safe and more comfortable in the most challenging situations. We're providing and maintaining
indoor air quality through solutions such as Trane Catalytic Air Cleaning Systems, which remove pathogens
from air streams, and negative pressurization systems to isolate infections.

Our remote monitoring, controls and building intelligence solutions are increasingly important in an
environment of social distancing. These technologies enable technicians to remotely monitor, inspect
and troubleshoot systems to keep critical environments running safely and efficiently. Our transport
refrigeration solutions are protecting the cold chain and helping to ensure the safe and reliable delivery of
perishable food, medicines and other critical goods. Through telematics, we're putting data to work with
the ability to track and trace deliveries across fleets, monitor the location of assets and the temperature of
individual deliveries in transit.

Please turn to Slide #7. Trane Technologies has been addressing the impact of the pandemic on our
communities. Established a number of years ago in response to natural disasters and funded by donations
from our own employees, the Trane Technologies Helping Hand Fund is providing financial assistance to
our own team members around the world dealing with financial hardship as a result of the pandemic.
According to our Feeding America partners, food donations in this environment have declined by nearly
60%. In response, through our Trane Technologies Foundation, we made a $100,000 contribution to
Feeding America. And our team stepped up to help out with the effort.

In one example, our Thermo King and Commercial HVAC Americas team joined forces with Feeding
America and A Hand Up International to host 2 drive-through pantries in Lynn Haven, Florida, providing
more than 120,000 pounds of food to nearly 6,000 people. Additionally, teams are upgrading operating
rooms, air handlers, preparing patient isolation areas and expanding COVID-19 treatment facilities for
hospitals in record time. I am proud of how our team focused on employee safety and supported our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

customers and communities in response to this crisis. And I am confident they will continue to address the
challenges presented by the pandemic as we move forward.

And now I'd like to turn it over to Chris to discuss our balance sheet and liquidity position. Chris?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Dave. Please turn to Slide #8. As Mike mentioned at the outset of the call, we are operating from
a position of financial strength as we move through uncharted territory in 2020. We have a strong balance
sheet, excellent liquidity and have maintained solid investment-grade ratings over many years.

Additionally, our consistent track record of delivering free cash flow of equal to or better than 100% of
adjusted net income over time with a 5-year average of 107%, including an outstanding year in 2019,
which delivered 118%, further bolsters our strong financial position. The timing of the close of the Reverse
Morris Trust transaction with Gardner Denver on February 29, 2020, and the receipt of $1.9 billion in cash
also provided significant liquidity, owing to the rapid pace both organizations tirelessly worked to finalize
the transaction in 10 months' time. That money has been received and is reflected in our March 31 cash
balance.

In addition to cash on hand, we have full access to our revolving credit facilities. The first $1 billion facility
expires in March of 2021, and we expect to refinance this prior to maturity. The second $1 billion facility
matures in April of 2023. Even if we were to fully utilize both facilities, we would remain well below our
primary debt covenant of 65% debt to capital. Both facilities were undrawn at March 31 and remain
undrawn today. Lastly, we run a relatively CapEx-light business model, so our capital requirements are
pretty modest at around 1% to 2% of revenues.

Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave to provide details and color on what we saw in our end
markets in the first quarter. Dave?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #9. Broadly speaking, our HVAC markets remained healthy in the first
quarter, with pre-pandemic bookings and revenues largely in line with our full year expectations. As the
pandemic progressed across the globe, bookings and revenue were heavily impacted, first in Asia Pacific,
followed by EMEA, then the Americas. In each region, our proactive safety measures temporarily limited
our uptime and our utilization.

Despite the pandemic, our Commercial HVAC Americas business delivered strong broad-based growth with
bookings up mid-teens and revenue up mid-single digits. We saw strong demand in data centers and from
institutional customers across education, government and health care. Our Residential HVAC business also
saw strong demand with bookings up mid-single digits. With strong bookings growth in Commercial and
Residential, Americas HVAC backlog was up double digits versus first quarter of 2019. The majority of the
backlog is applied systems, which typically have lead times of 6 to 12 months. Our Transport business
was heavily impacted by the pandemic in each region, accelerating declines already expected from the
correction cycle that began last year. I'll give a more detailed update on our Transport business later in the
presentation.

With the COVID-19 pandemic impacting EMEA for most of March, our team saw low single-digit declines in
both bookings and revenue. Despite the pandemic, Europe Commercial HVAC bookings and revenue were
up low single digits. During the quarter, Asia Pacific was hit first and hit hardest by the pandemic with
bookings and revenue down double digits. Given the pervasive impacts of the crisis, I'll give additional
insights to our end markets later in the presentation based on order patterns we saw in the month of
April.

And now, I'll turn it back to Chris to discuss the results for the quarter. Chris?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Thanks again, Dave. Please go to Slide #10. The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted
our first quarter financial results as we took actions to protect employees and customers. As Dave
mentioned on the previous slide, prior to the pandemic, our global revenues in the first quarter started off
largely in line with our full year expectations. However, pandemic impacts limited our global equipment
and service revenues by approximately $150 million in the quarter with almost 2/3 of the impact in Asia
Pacific, contributing to our 5% organic revenue decline.

Adjusted EBITDA margins were down 60 basis points in the quarter primarily due to margin impacts
from the volume declines related to both the pandemic and the Transport correction cycle. Negative
product mix in the Americas more than offset positive price versus cost as we delivered mid-single-digit
revenue growth in Commercial HVAC as compared to approximately 30% revenue declines in Transport.
We implemented proactive cost controls across the business and accelerated our stranded cost reduction
actions, contributing to a $16 million reduction in unallocated corporate costs and positive productivity
versus other inflation in the quarter.

Please go to Slide #11. During Q1, we delivered enterprise deleverage within gross margin rates on lower
volume by managing all elements of the P&L, including our decisive actions to accelerate cost reduction
programs. Within the Americas region, our Transport revenues were down approximately 30% as the
correction cycle in the end markets was accelerated by the pandemic. Americas margins were heavily
impacted by both the volume and mix impacts of the Transport revenue declines.

Given the size of our Americas operations, our commitment to proactively invest in employee safety and
security in our plants, distribution centers, offices and parts stores added necessary costs and reduced
absorption in the quarter, negatively impacting margins. Margins in EMEA and Asia Pacific were both
impacted by top line headwinds related to the pandemic. In each region, swift action and strong execution
of cost reduction programs limited deleverage to within gross margin rates.

Please go to Slide #12. As Mike discussed in his opening remarks, given the onset of COVID-19, we're
aggressively stepping up our efforts to remove $100 million in stranded costs related to the Reverse Morris
Trust transaction we closed in Q1. After announcing the transaction in April last year, we quickly mobilized
a margin improvement transformation office by mid-summer to focus on these cost reductions, which
gave us a nice head-start in determining the best, most value-accretive ways to eliminate these costs
while simultaneously improving the overall capabilities and margin expansion opportunities across our
businesses. They quickly moved to implement zero-based budgeting processes and principles across the
company.

Entering 2020, we set a cost reduction target of $40 million in the year of the total $100 million in
stranded costs. We looked for opportunities to accelerate the pace of savings in the first quarter, and
with the onset of COVID-19, saw an opportunity to push ourselves further. To date, we have identified
savings of approximately $90 million to be realized in 2020, more than double our original target. Further,
heading into 2021, the actions we will have taken in 2020 should yield permanent run rate savings of
approximately $110 million in 2021.

Of the total $90 million savings in 2020, we expect about $70 million to come from corporate unallocated
expenses and approximately $20 million to come from the segments. Lastly, we previously disclosed we
would incur one-time costs of approximately $100 million to $150 million to permanently eliminate the
$100 million in stranded costs, and the table on the bottom right of the slide shows our status to date. We
spent approximately $31 million in Q1. We'll update you quarterly on our progress.

Please go to Slide #13. We remain committed to balanced capital deployment going forward as we have
consistently done for many years. Given the unpredictability of depth and duration of the downturn
related to COVID-19, we wanted to highlight the modest adjustments we have made for 2020, and
equally important, highlight the things that have not changed. As Mike outlined, we are going to manage
through this downturn from a position of financial strength. We see this as a time to lead and a time to
aggressively invest in our most important asset, our employees.

We also see this as a time to aggressively invest and to solidify or extend our market-leading positions
through value-accretive investments that will make us an even stronger company coming out of this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

crisis than when we went in. Importantly, we expect to maintain our dividend at current levels for 2020
and have already paid the quarterly dividend for the first quarter and declared the quarterly dividend
for the second quarter. We expect to pump the brakes on share repurchases in the second quarter while
maintaining optionality down the road.

Regarding debt obligations, we committed to and paid $300 million in April to retire debt at maturity.
And we expect to pay down the next debt obligation of $300 million at maturity in February of 2021.
We will continue to evaluate strategic, value-accretive M&A. And lastly, we expect to maintain a strong
investment-grade credit rating. This offers us continued optionality as markets evolve.

And now I'll turn it back to Dave to give an update on current Q2 trends. Dave?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #14. During the month of April, we've seen global orders down
approximately 20%. Looking across the regions, orders in the Americas and EMEA were both down over
20%. Asia Pacific orders were also down but under 20%, as China demand is near prior year levels. Given
the normal seasonality of our business and continued deterioration in economic indicators, it is unknown if
these order trends will further deteriorate, stabilize or improve.

In the Americas, demand for our commercial applied products has been more resilient, particularly
for essential end markets, including warehousing, data centers and health care. Unitary demand has
been softening. Broadly speaking, during a downturn, our service and parts businesses typically see
strengthening demand as customers choose to extend the life of their HVAC equipment rather than
replace it. Since this downturn is driven by a pandemic, traditional HVAC services and parts demand have
been limited due to access constraints at customer sites. Conversely, the pandemic has driven additional
demand for our intelligent services, which include remote building monitoring and indoor air quality
offerings.

In the residential market, approximately 80% of our sales are replacement units. Impacts from the
pandemic have caused declines in consumer confidence and increases in unemployment, our 2 main
replacement market indicators. Though the overall demand is down, we are seeing orders for both lower
SEER products that appeal to value customers and higher SEER products that appeal to customers looking
to improve indoor air quality as more people are working from home. I'll speak about our Transport
market outlook on the next slide.

Our EMEA markets are seeing similar disruption to what we are seeing in the Americas with France, Italy,
Spain and Portugal being significantly impacted. In Asia Pacific, China demand is near prior year levels
while market demand in India, Singapore, Malaysia and Japan remain restricted. From an operations
standpoint, we continue to proactively invest in employee safety across our facilities. Our plants in Asia
have ramped up, and our Americas and EMEA plants are ramping as we speak.

Since China was the first area to be significantly impacted by COVID-19, we have received questions
asking what lessons we've learned from our efforts in this region. Our #1 learning was that early proactive
safety measures are absolutely paramount, and we have rolled out these measures globally. Second,
consistent, focused supply chain cadence is critical to support equipment production and service delivery.
Those processes have been effective and implemented globally. And our final learning is that no 2
countries are the same. At this stage, it is unclear if other countries will track to a similar recovery path
as China, given the varied regional response to the pandemic. Finally, as we highlighted in our earnings
release this morning, we're temporarily suspending our formal guidance and expect to reevaluate for Q2
earnings.

Please go to Slide #15. COVID-19 has created obvious disruptions in the majority of our end markets, as
outlined on the prior slides. The near-term impacts on the transportation markets have been even more
significant. On our Q4 call, we provided a good level of detail on our expectations for the transportation
market in 2020. Today, I would like to dive a little deeper and provide market forecasts for North America
and EMEA for each of the major product categories, with truck, trailer and APU broken out separately.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

The COVID-19 impacts on the transport markets in 2020 are pronounced, with dramatic forecast
reductions across all major product categories in both North America and EMEA. For North America, the
trailer forecast has dropped from down 25% in January time frame to down 46% as of a week ago. The
North America APU forecast has moved from down 33% to down nearly 60% for 2020 while the truck
forecast has dropped from down 3% to down nearly 20%. Likewise, Europe truck and trailer forecast
declines have nearly doubled as well. Additionally, while we don't have the same level of reliable, detailed
forecasts available for the other businesses, including marine, bus and rail, these markets are down
similar numbers as well.

As you might expect, COVID-19 has dramatically slowed global demand in food distribution, which support
hard-hit businesses like restaurants. And long-haul trucking has been significantly impacted by the slowing
of the overall global economic demand in cross-border shipping. Aftermarket parts is showing resilience,
and demand is expected to continue to be solid as companies look to extend the life of their existing
fleets.

In terms of the timing of the pandemic impacts on Transport, we were generally seeing encouraging
booking rates through the first 2 months of the year that supported our initial Transport outlook for 2020
that we provided on our fourth quarter earnings call. As we moved through March and the pandemic
started shutting down major portions of the economy, booking rates dropped significantly, consistent with
the updated forecast view on this slide.

To date, in April, we're seeing very slow bookings as most trucking companies have hit the pause button
on activity to reflect the significant downturn in the economy and across major sectors of the refrigerated
truck, trailer and APU markets, as I discussed earlier. The forecast for the second quarter for North
America trailers, for example, is down approximately 80% from 2019. April-to-date, our bookings
across Transport Americas for equipment is down about 80%, which is consistent with that outlook while
aftermarket is relatively flat with prior year.

The ACT forecast has been revised lower several times since the pandemic hit. So it's really too early to
call how 2020 ultimately will play out. As states reopen and economic activity gradually returns to normal,
we expect demand to significantly pick up from current levels as well. ACT initially called for a market
correction in 2020 and then a return to growth in 2021. And that still seems directionally correct, although
COVID-19 impacts are likely driving a deeper and more prolonged market correction and a more cautious
and gradual return to growth.

And now I'll turn it back to Mike.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Dave. Please go to Slide 16. Our strong financial condition, balance sheet and liquidity enables
us to operate from a position of strength throughout the COVID-19 crisis as demonstrated through
2 significant revenue downturn scenarios: the first, down 15%; and the second, down 25%. And to
reiterate, because I've heard there has been some confusion on other company earnings calls, these
are not our forecasts, they're just scenarios. We want to have a response under any scenario, given the
tremendous uncertainty that exists in the near term. And we want to assuage investor concern by showing
a breakeven free cash flow analysis in the minus 25% scenario.

What's important to note, however, is that in both scenarios, we have the financial strength to weather
the storm, pay dividends and continue to follow our core principles. We are going to remain true and
uncompromising to our purpose-driven sustainability strategy and our core values, including employee
safety and well-being and corporate citizenship in our communities. Anyone who knows our company and
our culture knows that this is something we believe in at our core. It's who we are and it's how we win.
It's what has driven strong shareholder returns over the past decade since the last downturn and what we
believe is a proven formula for sustainable, strong shareholder returns in the future.

We're also going to play aggressive offense. We see this downturn as an opportunity to invest, expand
market share, extend our leadership as the premier climate control company and to emerge from the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

crisis even stronger than when we went in. We're going to continue to execute our playbook and take
appropriate cost actions and we're going to be very strategic in our application. Our objective isn't to
maximize 2020 earnings, it's to build the Trane Technologies of the future and to win big over the long
term.

Please go to Slide 17. Our long-term strategy remains unchanged and is underpinned by strong secular
sustainability mega trends. Our end markets, our strategy and our products and services are all tied to
the undeniable facts that the world is getting warmer, cities are becoming more densely populated and
the demand for fresh food is accelerating. Fundamentally, we excel where these global mega trends and
sustainability intersect with our innovation and capabilities, which drives high demand for our products and
services. And while short-term demand may be impacted or pushed out, longer term, the challenges these
secular mega trends present will not abate, and require leadership and action post COVID-19.

We also know that the post COVID-19 world will evolve and adapt to the new reality and experiences
we've gained through this crisis. Accurate design, installation, service and monitoring of HVAC systems
will be more important than ever to ensure proper filtration, ventilation, air flows and pressurization in
high-density areas and especially in critical environments like hospitals, food and pharma, office buildings,
hotels and homes, buses and other modes of mass transportation. Remote monitoring, diagnosis and
artificial intelligence-based service models have the potential for exponential growth and new service
models will emerge. These are just a sliver of the potential opportunities we see now and we intend to
evolve, adapt and capitalize on them.

In the near term, we strongly believe it's imperative that premier companies like Trane Technologies lead
through this crisis authentically, steadily and with a sense of purpose. We will remain true to our strategy,
built on the fundamental building blocks that drive sustainable, differentiated financial performance for
our shareholders now and in the long term. We also see this downturn as an opportunity to invest, expand
market share, extend our leadership and to emerge with an even stronger culture and a stronger company
than ever before.

Even in the current crisis, we're confident and excited about the future of Trane Technologies and our
ability to bring all of our considerable resources to bear to deliver strong, sustainable returns for our
shareholders. I want to thank our dedicated employees around the world for supporting all that is essential
to fight this pandemic and all the frontline caregivers that are heroically battling for all of us every day.
And with that, Chris, Dave and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Davis from Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Thanks for the detail, it's super helpful. But I'm kind of intrigued by this whole indoor air quality theme
overall. And I guess the question really is what -- do the building owners care? Is there a sense of urgency
outside of -- obviously, hospitals have always cared. But when you think of the other categories that you
sell into, is there -- are your phones lighting up that people say, "Wow, we need to do a retrofit project
here"? Or is it just too early to really say?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Scott, it's too early to say, but we're looking at just sort of human behavior and the lasting effects
of what a pandemic would do to society. And we see a little bit happening through our lens in China,
although you can't draw exact parallels between the 2. One thing for sure is that the ability to really
monitor indoor air quality and to design and make sure that from a maintenance perspective and all the
controls and automation that go into making sure that it's effectively working, I think you're going to see
sort of more density per square foot of all that and perhaps codes that in some parts of the world, which
may have not been up to a particular standard, I think, will change, as will food transportation, codes and
standards change, I think, going forward as well.

So probably, when you get through this, it puts an importance. And I think particularly as buildings
become tighter and tighter in terms of their design, I'm talking about the envelope with the building,
it's so critical to make sure that you're having fresh air exchanged in the building. A typical building,
depending on what it does, might have half a dozen to dozens of 100% air changes in an hour. And the
ability to make sure that, that's happening and that you're killing pathogens where you can in the system
or pressurizing appropriately or diffusing air or diluting air is going to be even more critical. So I think it
bears a lot of opportunity going forward. I mean it's hard to -- we need to get through this right now, but I
think the other end of it probably has more opportunity than not.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Okay. Good. And then I'm just kind of curious of the confidence that you have in your backlog. I would
assume a certain percentage of your backlog includes things like hotels and stuff like that, that I would
think are at risk of not just delays but cancellations. So perhaps just a sense of what your confidence in
the backlog is overall.

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Scott, this is Dave. I'd say we're pretty confident in our backlog, especially in the HVAC space. A lot of
it is in the applied world. We haven't seen a lot of cancellations there. We actually haven't seen very
many at all. It's pretty normal. Our TK backlog, a little bit more concerned with that. We have seen some
cancellations, but it's pretty low right now. So overall, I'd say we're pretty confident around the globe in
our backlog, and we haven't seen anything that would lead us to believe that, that won't happen.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Scott, if you think about -- you mentioned hotels, but you could throw light retail, that's a small
part of our business. I mean retail as an example, we've never, over the last decade, focused much on

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

national accounts at all as an example. And so if you think about our relatively high share in unitary and
light unitary, the smallest share by design we would have would be in retail. And if you go into hotels,
the place where we play in hotels is sort of in the lobby and in the common areas and in the larger and
more complicated spaces. We really don't play in sort of individual rooms. And so the vacancy of a hotel
isn't going to matter. If the hotel is open, we're going to be providing equipment and services. So that is
a little different. Maybe a decade ago, I would have said we would have had more focus on retail national
accounts. And that's changed over the decade.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

Just first on the kind of working through the scenarios and what you're planning to do. Just want to be
clear, the comment about managing the decrementals around gross margin would require extra actions.
Are you planning to take those actions? Or are you suggesting to us that none of us has a crystal ball, but
pick a revenue scenario and we should expect your decrementals to be around your gross margin rate?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. That's a great question. And the first thing I would tell you is that anybody that thinks they're going
to forecast a number is only going to be surprised when the forecast meets the real world, the first
minute. So the notion of really doing scenario planning is something that we've been living with for a long,
long time. And although we would have done scenario planning in the past, it would have been around a
general recession. So a pandemic is something new with regard to just the behavioral changes in the way
that, say, in our case, buildings would even be closed or limited in terms of access for service. And so the
pandemic has offered really a sort of a different scenario. But once you move through the initial pandemic
phase, and we think through to Scott's earlier question, where the opportunities lie going forward, it's
more useful then to think about scenarios and what ultimately will be a recession, of course. I mean we're
in one now, we just don't the depth and duration of that recession. So for us, we've looked at, I would say,
in increments of 5 points of revenue decline, what are the series of actions that we would need to take on
top of the actions already taken.

And so having those lined up in advance and having a playbook to do that give us some confidence that
we can maintain within plus or minus a reasonable amount. Gross margin decrementals would be in line
with that. But in doing that, we don't think there's an opportunity that we want to miss about investing
or even doubling down in areas of innovation and technology and channel or doubling down in areas
of productivity because the key to this for us is we entered this thing, I think, with a pretty wide gap
relative to some of the competition, and we want to come out of this with an even wider gap. And we've
never been in a better position from a liquidity and a talent and a technology perspective to be able to
do that. So it would be a tragedy not to really invest. But all that being said, I think we can do 2 things
at once. We can manage the decrementals and we can continue to really double down on the important
investments for growth and productivity.

Jeffrey Todd Sprague
Vertical Research Partners, LLC

And as an unrelated kind of follow-on second question, Mike, you mentioned M&A kind of prominently in
your press release this morning and in the slides. Can you give us a little thought of what you're thinking,
what you're interested in, kind of the priorities for the newco on a stand-alone basis here?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. It's always the strategy is what needs to drive M&A. And so the ideas that we would have 80%, 90%
of the ideas that we would have would be really defined by the strategy. And that hasn't changed around

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

technology and channel for us. And they tend to be really in buckets. It's the easy bolt-on technologies
that need a channel or it's the channel that adding our technology would make that channel really work.
Those are easy for us to do. I would tell you that, that is something that we're still very active with. I think
on some of the larger, more transformative things that a company could do like ours, I think the bid-ask
has widened in this environment.

But it makes sense over time really to have the liquidity and the balance sheet to be able to look at those
sorts of things if, in fact, the bid-ask narrows and in fact they become attractive. So we would keep all
options on the table. And again, this is about playing aggressive offense where we can. In a way, Jeff, our
timing was unlucky. We caught a large acquisition and had a hung bridge loan in April. And we couldn't
have been in a worse position. And then you fast-forward and between announcing closing the RMT
transaction in 10 months, our luck couldn't have been any better. And so we really need to capitalize on
that good fortune and make sure that we're parlaying that into a really good future that we can invest for
the long run.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

What was, in total, Thermo King down on revs for the quarter?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Americas, I think, Dave said was down...

David S. Regnery
President & COO

This was down about 30%. And EMEA was down about 10% -- 15%, I think it was.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Got it. And I think you guys had said that the total, you said something about mid-single-digit
growth in commercial. Was that the total commercial business in the quarter?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

We talked about the EMEA -- I mean, I'm sorry, the Americas number was up the mid-single digits,
correct. EMEA was slightly down. And that was really driven by the Middle East. Actually, Europe was up.
And Asia Pacific was the hardest hit, Steve, by the pandemic as it obviously hit there first and it was down
double digits.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Right. And in global services, you mentioned it was weak kind of across the board. What was that for
globally, just services for HVAC?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Obviously, it was down in Asia Pacific. Globally, it just did not perform as well as we thought it should
have, actually flattish in the Americas. But again, we expect more out of that. And we have had some
disruption getting on job sites, really in all aspects of the service business, whether it be service
agreements, whether it be break/fix, we have had some disruption. But with that said, Steve, I want you
to take away, we also saw some opportunities with our intelligent services. And we've been at it a long
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

time getting buildings connected. And we have over 20,000 buildings connected now and really seeing the
benefit there.

Customers are really seeing the benefit of being able to have those buildings serviced remotely and
diagnosed if there's something wrong. As Mike said, indoor air quality in buildings is obviously there's a
lot of talk about that. It's a very important aspect of our business. We're really good at it. There's a lot of
science around it. And as office buildings around the world start ramping back up, our service techs are on
call to make sure we could help our customers.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

All right. One more quick one, just on the earnings bridge. Kudos to you guys for giving some subsegment
detail, Mike. But you guys don't give the earnings bridge anymore. What was kind of price material
inflation on a margin basis year-over-year this quarter?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Steve, this is Chris. We were positive on a price and a cost basis on the margin bridge. And to your
comment, I think that margin bridge has really served us well in the past when we've had, especially the
last couple of years, higher tariffs and higher inflation. Consciously, going forward, we want to make sure
we can tell the story what's happening on a quarterly basis. So we want to make sure we do that without
the confines of a bridge. But to your question, price/cost was positive in the quarter, productivity was
positive versus other inflation, although that's where we also saw some of the investment in our COVID-19
measures.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kaplowitz from Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Mike, China, back to flattish demand year-over-year is relatively quick. Can you give us more color on the
type of demand you're seeing? Is it more the indoor air quality products and service as buildings need to
be serviced? Or is it more delayed larger orders coming back?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I'm going to, Andy, give that to Dave here. But let me kick off just a thought kind of going forward.
Our business in China really is institutional, large commercial equipment with a growing service business.
That service business is 1/4 to 1/3 of the mix, which, of course, was heavily impacted. So we recognize
revenue when we ship like a chiller or we recognize revenue when we complete a service engagement and
bill the client. There's very little progress billing or percent complete accounting that would go on, smooth
that out. So it would look outsized for us because we weren't shipping chillers. I mean, conversely, the
backlog of chillers to ship in China is fairly substantial. And I think what Dave will tell you is that we're
seeing it return back to prior levels at this point.

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. I mean we have -- the incoming order rate for April was -- actually, as we're still rolling up the
numbers here, looks like it's going to be a little bit favorable to last year. There is probably some pent-up
demand there. I would tell you though that as we track our pipeline, and this is the orders that haven't
yet been booked, but they're actively being quoted, the pipeline is actually starting to show positive
movements as well. And that's really what we start looking at is the pipeline, because that's a really good
indicator as to what future activity would be. We're still watching it, but April was -- April is a good sign
and we'll certainly -- a lot of attention to it in the rest of the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

So that's very encouraging. I did want to follow up on services. You mentioned it being flat in Q1, a little
disappointing. Is services going to outpace the 20% decline that you're talking about for Q2? And do
you see services starting to snap back as economies start to turn on? Or is it too early to see that at this
point?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. No. I mean maybe a little bit early to see that. But first of all, your first question, yes, we do see
services outperforming the equipment in the second quarter, so it will not be down 20%. We expect that
to be more in the flattish range. Your second question, do we see opportunities in services? Absolutely.
One of the things that, as we talk about our playbook if we have a downturn, one of the things that we're
protecting is our expertise in service really around our service technicians. We're kind of ring-fencing that,
to say that's an area we're not going to go if we're going to try to cut costs. We're protecting that because
we know that as the economy snaps back and individuals start going back to offices to work, indoor air
quality is going to be super important and how you're able to help those customers understand indoor air
quality and have solutions for them, we're really going to leverage our service business in that way.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

And Andy, I would say that clearly a service business is not an antidote to a pandemic. It is an antidote
to a recession. And as we move through pandemic concerns now into whatever the new normal would be
going forward for building occupancy and services, absolutely we would expect to see, as we have in every
downturn, every recession, you're going to see capital extended. And here, in particular, you're going to
have large commercial, large institutional customers looking at making sure the air flow, air changes,
diffusion, dilution, pressurization, filters are all going to be in tip-top shape.

So really for us, I think that, that's going to, to Dave's point, require every technician we've got and it's
going to require more connected buildings because customers are going to want that service as opposed
to people that don't need to be in your building, right? I mean there's no point in coming out to a facility
if you don't need to, if you can diagnose it first in advance and maybe even fix it remotely, which often we
can do, that's going to be an opportunity. And that's a great way for us to deliver service at even higher
margins than physically delivering services.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Maybe just a first question on the decremental margins. So understood that firm-wide, you're aiming for
that or think you can hold the line at that sort of 30%-ish level like you had in Q1. But clearly, I think mix
can play a massive role in swinging that round. Your Americas decrementals in Q1 were quite a bit higher
than the gross margin, for example. So maybe help us understand what mix assumptions you have for
the balance of the year and whether you are very confident that you can offset swings in mix with cost
actions.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Julian, first of all, in the Americas, you have something like a $40 million revenue differential. So
the absolute dollars are relatively small for the size of the business. Actually, the decrementals there, the
cause -- the first cause was not the mix with Transport or the mix of service. It was really the response we
took with regard to the COVID crisis. And just to give you a sense, if you ever wonder if we actually walk
the talk in terms of what we say about our values around safety, we always think about March being half

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

of the quarter and we always think about the last week of March being half of March. And so 1/4 of our
quarter, if you follow all that math, is the last week of March. We actually pulled the end on cord March 23
and shut down all of our factories in Europe and in the Americas and prioritized only the orders that were
essential going into fighting COVID. And that would have ranged in 10% to 15% of the orders. We had a
couple of factories where, for a short time, it might have been 40% of the orders.

During that time, of course, you lose that absorption. But when we sent people home, we sent them home
and topped up their pay to make sure they were paid their full wages or the equivalent. And so any gap
with any unemployment benefits would have been topped up. We made all the wage increases around
the globe for any hourly associate or any service technician proceeded as planned. So we didn't delay
those. We actually put them through as planned. We reclassified our medical plan so that COVID testing
and preventative care would be at no cost to employees and that telemedicine visits would be added at
no cost to our employees. We amended our 401(k) plan. So not only did we not cut our 401(k) match, we
amended our plans to make sure that people could take out up to $100,000 in delayed loan repayments
for a year. We provided backup childcare and elder care programs for people with minimal, very small
copays so that they could come to work or take some of the stress off. We extended our employee
assistance program to -- with programs for financial, emotional, legal, other support and hardships. And
so all those things are things we took.

But the biggest cost was taking some 25,000 jobs and literally reconfiguring all the lines and workstations
and then making sure we had all the PPE in before people came back to work. And so all of that was so
that we can go faster in the long run and people would feel safer. And when people feel safe, they come
to work. There's not absenteeism. We're not shutting down factories to clean them. And that is where the
costs came in. So you look at the job in Asia or the job in Europe and the deleverage in the teens and look
at the Americas on the small revenue kind of a decline of $40 million, and I don't want anybody to read
too much into that. So before we start talking about taking costs out of which we've got all the actions
loaded and we can talk about that if you'd like, you have to think about sort of doing the right thing, which
is what we did and what we always would do. And we will do -- and I would make that decision every
single time if given that decision again.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

That's reassuring to hear. Maybe just one quick follow-up and maybe it's for Mike or for Chris. On Slide
16, you've got the helpful scenarios laid out. If I look at, say, scenario 1, sales down about 15%, flows
through the decremental you have talked about, so maybe it's a 30% drop in EBIT or EBITDA. It looks
like in that scenario, the free cash flow decline is maybe a bit heavier than the operating profit decline.
Just wondering if I had that correctly. And whether I did or not, what you're assuming for working capital
within those cash flow scenarios.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Well, I'll start, Julian, this is Mike. Yes, I would tell you that if you go back to the '09 time frame, I want
to say we were 3x, 3x, 3x-plus cash to net income. So we know how to get cash out of the business in
a significant downturn. So I would look for extraordinary operating cash flow in a down 25% scenario.
Just so if you go back to the '09 time frame, you get a proof positive on that point. So I'm not sure if that
analysis that you're doing would be correct in that regard. Chris, do you want to add to that?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, I'll add. I mean there's maybe a little bit of what I'd call a little conservatism in the numbers as well.
We're still investing capital at the normal levels you would have of 1% to 2% of revenues in both of those
scenarios, Julian. Whether the investment is in employees or capital or otherwise, that cash is there to go
fund. So we can certainly talk offline, but I think that's a reasonable scenario for us right now, a little bit
of conservatism in there.

Operator
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Your next question comes from the line of John Walsh from Crédit Suisse.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Wanted to go back to the service conversation and maybe find out how much of that business is really
driven by contractual service versus needing to get onto the site and generating some type of spare part
or something to drive the revenue.

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. John, it's a good question. On a contractual basis, our service business is about 30%, okay? And
within that 30%, there's lots of different service contracts that we have. We have a whole portfolio of
different contracts. So some include parts, some do not. So there is some parts demand that's generated
from that 30%. And then you move into the break/fix world, where it's broken, they give us a call, we
come out and we fix it. And then you also have a planned maintenance, where you'll actually proactively
plan with the customer to do a major replacement or a major overhaul on a piece of equipment.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

John, it breaks out to about even 1/3s on the service business. If you look at it that way...

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes, 1/3, 1/3, 1/3.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. And then obviously, in the Americas, depending on what state you're in, there's different rules
around construction. But curious, once again staying on the service topic, what you see in those states
where there's a big shelter in place order and only essential work is getting done, versus states where
the restrictions might not be as stringent? Are you seeing a real big bifurcation in how the businesses are
acting in those? And is that the way to think about going forward?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes, John, what I'd say, more than anecdotally, is if somebody is calling for service in the Americas right
now, they're going to be in a critical infrastructure, a critical, essential role. So we're not getting phone
calls from somebody that's not operating or not running. So we're in hospitals, we're in pharma, we're in
food and bev. We're in...

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Data centers.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Data centers would be huge. That's the places where we are today. And I don't know of any state really
that's blocked that essential activity. So even the most stringent states, obviously health care and such,
we're in there servicing.

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor Relations

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Okay. I don't know if anyone can hear us, but that will wrap up our call for today. We'll be around for any
questions that you may have. Please feel free to reach out to myself or to Shane, and we look forward to
speaking with you soon. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 05, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

