Trane Technologies plc NYSE:TT
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 29, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.76

1.27

Revenue  (mm)

2765.86

3138.80

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2020 1:35 PM GMT

67.11

13.48

1.12

3.11

4.20

2979.19

11354.64

12285.09

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.91

1.42

0.52

0.76

1.99

1.40

0.43

1.27

4.19 %

(1.41 %)

(17.31 %)

67.11 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor
Relations

ANALYSTS

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Trane Technologies
Q2 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over
to your speaker today, Mr. Zac Nagle, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Trane Technologies' Second Quarter
2020 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast on our website at tranetechnologies.com where
you'll find the accompanying presentation. We are also recording and archiving this call on our website.

Please go to Slide 2. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-
looking statements and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. Please
see our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause our actual results to differ
materially from anticipated results. This presentation also includes non-GAAP measures which are
explained in the financial tables attached to our news release.

Joining me on today's call are Mike Lamach, Chairman and CEO; Chris Kuehn, Senior Vice President and
CFO; and Dave Regnery, President and COO.

With that, please go to Slide 3, and I'll turn the call over to Mike Lamach. Mike?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Zac, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. I'd like to start today's call with some
prospective on the unprecedented level of change we've seen around the world, both in business and
in our personal lives over a time period of just a matter of months and why and how this is particularly
relevant for Trane Technologies.

The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted long-lived paradigms on what was considered normal. It has
exposed obvious truths about the many ways the old normal wasn't good enough. Normal has meant
rapidly rising emissions and temperatures, creating a global climate crisis, and pollution and poor health
in many of our world's biggest cities where COVID-19 has had a disproportionately damaging impact in
communities where the demographics are most socioeconomically challenged. Normal has meant hunger,
even though 1/3 of the global food supply is lost or wasted each year. And normal has meant inherent
systemic racism, injustice and inequality.

At Trane Technologies, we want to be part of creating a better, new normal. We will challenge the
status quo to create a new normal where communities thrive, where equality is foundational and where
the environment is protected for future generations. We're putting a stake in the ground that Trane
Technologies will lead by example by setting historic and ambitious commitments and taking action to
change our company, our industry and the world.

Our Gigaton challenge commits to reducing our customers' carbon emissions by 1 gigaton or 1 billion
metric tons by the year 2030. To give you an idea of the size and scale, that's equivalent to about 2% of
the world's annual emissions, and that's just our company alone. As other companies join in, we can bend
the curve on global warming.

We're also committed to creating opportunity for all, with the goal to achieve gender parity and
leadership by 2030, and racial and ethnic diversity that is reflective of our communities. As chair of the
National Association of Manufacturers, I introduced a pledge for action, which the Executive Committee
unanimously adopted on behalf of its 12,000 members, focused on advancing opportunity for black people
and other people of color through advocacy, education, training and workforce development initiatives.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

We're having important dialogue within our own organization and in our communities on how we can
accelerate our efforts to combat racism and better support communities in need. This includes programs to
eliminate hunger, sport education and economic mobility, and to increase affordable housing.

Our transformation plan for Trane Technologies is another example of how we're creating a new, better
normal for our team, customers and shareholder, executing against the new blueprint that culminated in
May after 10 months of analysis and planning. Setting these and other bold plans in motion, our talented
team around the world has exhibited all the commitment and passion for change that has marked our last
decade.

Our goal is simple: To create a new normal where opportunity is accessible for all, where healthy food,
letter and medicines are moved to people who need them, where emissions trend down, and blue skies
trend up. Our business sits right at the intersection of making those things happen. And with our unique
positioning as a focused climate innovator, transformed and fit-for-purpose, we can tackle these pressing
and complex challenges and drive differentiated returns for shareholders.

Moving to Slide 4. The global COVID-19 pandemic continues to present ongoing challenges to virtually
every aspect of daily life. As much progress as we've made, this crisis is still very much with us, and the
questions we were all contemplating months ago regarding the depth and duration of the downturn, and
the speed and shape of the recovery is still very much a question. As we navigate through the pandemic,
of paramount importance is staying true to our culture, purpose and values, where maintaining world-class
employee safety as part of our DNA. The decisive and aggressive investments we made in the first quarter
were important and necessary steps in order to bring all of our facilities online, operating efficiently and
safely. As a result, today, we're up and running under new readiness protocols and well positioned to meet
customer demand.

Despite very challenging global markets, our teams remain focused and agile, with strong execution
and solid financial performance. We outperformed our end markets broadly and effectively managed
deleverage within our gross margin target levels in all regions and in all business units. We continue to
play aggressive offense in order to emerge stronger and to thrive as business conditions improve and new
opportunities emerge. We maintained high levels of business reinvestment and innovation and growth
programs through the second quarter, and we expect to aggressively invest in the second half.

We're also accelerating our stranded cost and other fixed cost reduction initiatives to deliver more bottom
line savings in both 2020 and beyond. We remain in an exceptional financial position, with strong liquidity
and balance sheet optionality which are competitive differentiators for us. We have ample capacity to run
the business, effectively deploy capital and remain nimble as market conditions evolve. We'll discuss this
in more detail later in the presentation, but our best line of sight at this stage will put revenue somewhere
between down 10% and down 15% for 2020, better than illustrative scenarios we laid out in quarter 1.

Our strategy remains unchanged, secular megatrends of energy efficiency and sustainability are becoming
more pressing every day. We excel at addressing these megatrends and challenging what is possible for a
sustainable world, redefining a higher standard for what the world considers normal. This passion powers
us forward to deliver top-tier financial performance and differentiated returns for our shareholders.

Please go to Slide 5. Bookings and revenues were heavily impacted by the pandemic in all regions in the
second quarter. In the Americas, the impacts of the pandemic continue to be far-reaching and severe.
Broadly speaking, the economy is slowly progressing forward, but the situation remains tenuous and
provides limited visibility.

In North America, our commercial HVAC business has been relatively resilient through the second quarter,
with bookings and revenues each down mid-single digits. Backlog continues to be strong, and services are
outperforming equipment.

Our Transport refrigeration business outperformed the overall market as it continues to move through
a deep down cycle, which has been exacerbated by the pandemic. Bookings are showing signs of
stabilization, although it's too early to say the market has stabilized. Revenues were down more than
40%, outperforming the market, which was down more than 50%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Our residential HVAC business had low single-digit bookings decline, with distributors sell-through down
mid-single digits. June saw record bookings and backlog, and July is off to a very strong start.

Turning to EMEA. Commercial HVAC bookings were down mid-teens, while revenues were down high single
digits. Services outperformed equipment, with building access continuing to improve. EMEA, Transport was
down approximately 20%, outperforming the broader transport markets, which were down approximately
40%.

Asia Pacific continues to be mixed. China is showing signs of improvement having made the most
progress against the pandemic. Growth in China was more than offset by declines in the rest of Asia, with
developed countries generally recovering slowly, while many developing countries are lagging.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris to discuss the results for the quarter in more detail. Chris?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Mike. Please turn to Slide #6. The pandemic has continued to significantly impact both top and
bottom line results. Mike provided a good overview of our top line results on the prior slide, so I'd like to
focus my comments on the bottom line.

Adjusted EBITDA margins were down 80 basis points, primarily impacted by significant volume declines
in the quarter. We continue to execute our recession playbook in the second quarter, evolving with market
conditions. We delivered strong productivity and managed deleverage within gross margin target levels
despite lower volumes, fixed cost under absorption and other pandemic- and volume-related inefficiencies.
We also maintained high levels of business reinvestment and continue to ramp up our facilities and
further invest in employee safety measures. Price costs remained positive in the quarter, while mix was
a significant headwind, with steep declines in transport revenues in both the Americas and EMEA. There
were a few other relatively modest puts and takes on margins and EPS that are outlined on the slide for
your reference.

Please turn to Slide 7. Turning to the regional segments, I'll once again focus my comments on margins,
given Mike covered revenues earlier. In each region, strong productivity partially offset volume declines,
fixed cost under-absorption, investments in employee safety and other business reinvestments and
innovation and growth programs to deliver better than gross margin deleverage. Price/cost was largely
favorable, while Transport mix was a headwind on lower Transport revenues.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to provide details and color on what we saw in our end markets
in the second quarter. Dave?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #8. As we've discussed throughout the presentation, the COVID-19
pandemic continues to have far-reaching impacts across the global economy as it continues to evolve,
which limits our forward visibility into our key end markets. With that caveat, this slide endeavors to
provide our best view of our end markets at this point in time.

As we've highlighted, North America commercial HVAC has been relatively resilient through the second
quarter. Order rates continue to be soft, and we expect a continuation of this trend heading into the back
half of 2020 given the high level of economic uncertainty that persists.

Services typically hold up better than equipment in a downturn, as owners look to extend the life of
existing equipment, and we're seeing signs of that during this pandemic. On the other hand, the number
of pandemic-related businesses and school closings or partial reopenings and generally low level of
building occupancies, are having a negative impact on services.

We're also seeing high levels of interest in comprehensive indoor air quality assessments, and momentum
in this space continues to build. The universe of opportunity is huge based on billions of installed square
footage that could ultimately be evaluated, but the opportunity is still early stages. Our tremendous

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

installed customer base and best-in-class sales and service capabilities put us in a strong competitive
advantage as this market evolves. Longer-term, Fundamental energy efficiency and sustainability
megatrends underpin sustained secular growth for these markets. We expect to outperform the markets
in 2020 given competitive advantages throughout the value chain, from channels to sales to controls and
digital services, to the largest, most capable service organization in North America.

Residential HVAC had mid-single-digit sell-through declines in Q2. Record bookings and backlog in June,
and July is off to a very strong start, which are positive indicators for this business near term. Consumer
economic indicators are mixed and volatile, and unemployment remains at historic levels, which limits
longer-term visibility.

Transport markets continue to move through a cyclical downturn in 2020, amplified by the COVID-19.
ACT's most recent forecast for Transport still has the second half of 2020, down more than 40%. We
continue to expect to outperform the markets, but looking at a down 40% second half forecast suggests
tough sledding ahead.

Looking out into 2021, ACT continues to project a snapback in the North America trailer market of over
20%.

In EMEA, given the depth and impact of the pandemic on many European countries, most major cities are
taking a cautious day-by-day approach. For commercial HVAC, we see opportunities for overall market
outperformance through our clear focus on our sustainability advantages. But overall, visibility remains
limited. In Transport, we've recently introduced new products such as the Advancer product I'll discuss
on the next slide. These products have clear competitive advantages that will be tailwinds as market
conditions improved.

Most recent forecast for the transport markets in EMEA have deteriorated dramatically from April's
forecast, down almost 50% for trailers and down over 100% for trucks for 2020, further pressuring our
second half Transport outlook. We have a slide in the appendix on the transport markets you may find
useful.

We've talked at length about Asia Pacific. While China continues to recover at a steady pace with strength
in data centers, electronics, pharma and health care, the rest of Asia remains mixed and difficult to call
when they will improve.

Please turn to Slide #9. We've been clear at Trane Technologies, we are playing aggressive offense during
this downturn, in part, through heavy investment in a robust pipeline of product innovation and growth
programs. Today, I'll highlight just 4 tangible examples that are emblematic of innovation, market-leading
products and services we're bringing to market.

Indoor air quality is generating tremendous interest in the market. Our customers are turning to us for our
expertise to improve the safety of their buildings and to build the confidence of their building occupants.

In commercial HVAC, we're providing indoor air quality assessments, which are fact-based, data-driven
analysis on 4 key contributors to indoor air quality: contaminant source management, humidity control,
filtration and fresh air intake. These assessments are not check-the-box exercises. We check everything
thoroughly. Some large campuses and manufacturing locations can take hundreds of hours to complete.
Once the assessment is completed, we work with our customers to implement a layered approach that
balances the key contributors to indoor air quality, while finding opportunities to reduce energy intensity.
The layered approach is fully customizable and might include modifications to control sequences, improve
filtration or additional sensors that closely measure and adjust for changes in humidity and CO2. Our
unmatched application expertise, direct service channel and remote services uniquely position us to
balance energy intensity and indoor air quality in a customized solution for each customer.

Last week, our European commercial HVAC team announced our Sintesis Balance 4-pipe chiller. The
synthesis balance utilizes low global warming potential refrigerants to simultaneously heat and cool
a building with 0 direct greenhouse gas emissions. The synthesis balance can deliver hot water with
temperatures over 150 degrees Fahrenheit to replace the need for a separate boiler, and is more than
350% more efficient than the boiler it replaces.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Our European Transport team recently introduced our next-generation trailer technology, the Advancer.
The Advancer has the lowest total cost of ownership and is the most sustainable trailer refrigeration unit
on the market. The Advancer delivers 30% better fuel consumption than any other trailer unit and reaches
its target temperature 40% faster and take 60% less energy to produce.

We also recently launched our large truck hybrid series. Our hybrid truck refrigeration unit can operate
in 3 different modes to meet our customers' needs. The system automatically selects the best operating
mode, depending on the circumstance to deliver up to 50% fuel savings when operating in a hybrid
mode. With unmatched operating flexibility, these hybrid units provide our customers full access to cities
restricting or banning vehicles due to noise or diesel emissions.

These are just a handful of the innovations we're bringing to market during the downturn. Making these
types of investments through down cycles enables us to continuously expand our competitive position year
after year.

Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris to discuss our efforts to reduce our fixed cost base. Chris?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Dave. Please go to Slide #10. At the time we announced the industrial RMT transaction, we
recognize that there would be approximately $100 million of stranded costs from the transaction. We
quickly mobilized a transformation office last year to remove $100 million of structural costs from the
business by 2021. Our goal in January this year was to eliminate $40 million of the $100 million in
stranded costs in 2020. With the onset of COVID-19, we've significantly accelerated this timetable and
total savings target. We now expect to eliminate the full $100 million of stranded cost target in 2020, a
year ahead of schedule. In addition, the programs we're executing to achieve the $100 million in stranded
cost reductions in 2020 are expected to yield run rate fixed cost savings of $140 million in 2021. As
we previously disclosed, we expect onetime expenses of approximately $100 million to $150 million to
eliminate the $100 million in stranded costs, and the table on the bottom right of the slide shows our
status to date. We have spent approximately $75 million year-to-date, with $44 million in the second
quarter.

Please go to Slide #11. We are operating from a position of financial strength as we move through 2020.
We have a strong balance sheet, excellent liquidity and have maintained solid investment-grade ratings
over many years. Additionally, our consistent track record of delivering free cash flow of equal to or better
than 100% of adjusted net income over time with a 5-year average of 107%, further bolsters our strong
financial position. In addition to cash on hand, we have access to $2 billion in revolving credit facilities.
During the second quarter, we refinanced a $1 billion credit facility, extending its maturity to 2022. The
second $1 billion facility matures in April of 2023. Even if we were to fully utilize both facilities, we would
remain well below our primary debt covenant of 65% debt to capital. Both facilities were undrawn at June
30 and remain undrawn today.

Please go to Slide #12. We remain committed to balanced capital deployment as we have consistently
done for many years. We see this as a time to aggressively reinvest in our business and to solidify
and extend our market-leading positions through value-accretive investments that will make us an
even stronger company coming out of this crisis than when we went in. We expect to continue to pay a
competitive and growing dividend, and have already paid approximately $253 million in dividends year-to-
date.

To preserve liquidity, we paused share repurchases during the first half of 2020. Entering the back half of
the year, we will retain optionality for share repurchases as visibility improves.

Regarding debt obligations, we paid $300 million in April to retire debt at maturity and expect to pay
another $300 million to retire debt at maturity in February of 2021.

We continue to evaluate strategic, value-accretive M&A. We expect to maintain a strong investment-
grade credit rating, offering us continued optionality as markets evolve. Lastly, we remain committed to
deploying 100% of excess cash to shareholders over time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

And now, though our formal guidance remains suspended until market visibility improves, I'll turn it back
to Mike to provide an update on the scenarios we presented last quarter. Mike?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #13. On our Q1 earnings call, we shared 2 revenue scenarios: one
down 15%, nearly down 25%. To demonstrate that under both scenarios, we remain in a strong financial
position, continued to make investments in the business, fund the dividend and play aggressive offense
during the downturn. Looking out towards the back half of the year, at the current pace and progression of
the reopening of global economies, we expect to outperform both of these scenarios, unless the pandemic
or some other unknown negative catalyst catapult markets lower. Given current course and speed, our
best view at this stage is to expect revenues to be down somewhere between 10% and 15%. We will
continue to confidently and strategically execute our downturn scenario playbook, operating from a
position of financial strength as we've done through the first half of the year.

Please go to Slide 14. Energy efficiency and sustainability megatrends are only growing stronger as
time passes. Fundamentally, we excel where these global megatrends and sustainability intersect with
innovation and capabilities, which drives high demand for our products and services. We have been
investing heavily for years to build franchise brands and to advance our leadership market positions to
enable consistent profitable growth. As Dave outlined with a few tangible examples, we intend to press our
advantage during this downturn to leverage our strong financial and competitive positioning and to invest
heavily in the future of Trane Technologies, not only focused on relentless investments and innovation and
growth, but investments in blueprinting and transforming into a leaner, fit for purpose, pure-play climate
innovator through the elimination of our stranded costs and the execution transformation initiatives that
will fundamentally improve the margin profile of the company over the long term. Lastly, we remain
committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital. And we have a long track record of delivering
strong free cash flow and deploying excess cash to deliver top-tier shareholder returns over many years.
And with that, Chris, Dave and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of John Walsh with Crédit Suisse.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I guess, can we first start talking a little bit more about Service. I guess, maybe what would be
contemplated in that scenario framework of down 10% to 15% for the back half as it relates to your
Service business? And did you see kind of improving trends throughout the quarter as you were able to
get access to buildings?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. Thanks for the question, John. This is Dave. I'll take the first shot, and Mike can add comments, and
Chris.

During Q2, we saw equipment and services down really in every region, and services was much more
resilient than equipment. As the quarter progressed, if you remember at the end of the first quarter,
we were talking about our Service being -- our Service business being impacted by not being able to
have access to buildings. As the quarter progressed, we had those safety protocols worked out with our
customers. So that became much less of a problem. We still have a few areas in the world, maybe some
countries in Asia where that's still a problem. But for the most part, we've overcome that.

As far as your question on the outlook, we expect service 300, 400 basis points better than equipment in
the back half. We are seeing a lot of interest in our Service business in our indoor air quality assessments,
and we're also seeing a lot of opportunities in service in our digital connections.

John Fred Walsh
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Great. And then maybe just a question around the conversations you're having with customers, and
there's probably a wave 1 of decisions as it relates to a building. Maybe it's air changeovers, cleaning.
Wave 2, I would think, would be some more of the higher retrofits you talked about. Where do you think
customers are on that decision process as it relates to maybe doing larger, heavier renovation or retrofits
of their systems for indoor air quality?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. I would tell you, we're going at this at a very holistic level, okay? So when we do an assessment,
and we've been asked to do thousands of these assessments, it's really at a system-level. So the first
thing that we would do is we would come in and make sure that the system was, in fact, operating as it
was designed. Once that has been achieved, we start layering in different options for our customers to
evaluate, not only the indoor air quality, but also the energy intensity. And that could be things such as
fresh air exchanges. If you're exchanging 3x an hour, perhaps you want to move to 5x an hour. Filtration,
if you're going to change your filters, what would that sequence look like and what would the ramifications
be to the rest of the system. We see a lot of people out there just changing filters. That could solve a
problem or could actually cause an additional problem. I mean, you could have too much friction in your
air ducts and you won't be able to move air through it, thus causing less clean air into the indoor air
quality assessment.

So we take a very holistic view. We then go and we look at the energy intensity because everything I
just mentioned, filtration and fresh air exchanges, tends to use more energy, and we're working with our
customers to find other ways to offset that energy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

John, in some cases where the capacity of the system, as Dave said, you might increase filtration to a very
high MERV filter, but the pressure drop across the filter may not support the ability for the fan. The fan
may be undersized, or the casing, so the duct work could be undersized, and you could actually implode
systems or blow up fan motors. And so it's the level of modeling and sophistication and retrofitting
required for each unique situation. And that's, I think, a tremendous advantage of us -- our capability to
be able to provide that.

So as Dave said, there's really been thousands of assessments done. I assume we're going to be doing
thousands more assessments for a long time. And it's such a big opportunity. It's hard to put a number on
it because you're talking about buildings of square feet around the world, and everybody dealing with the
same kinds of issues and problems.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

Mike, maybe you can kind of touch on just the commercial market for a second. There's a lot of
consternation out there regarding what nonres construction is going to look like through the end of this
year and then into next year. And I'm wondering, one, if you could just kind of give some commentary on
how you think things are going to play out and how your business is positioned?

And then two, just as it relates to 2020, is there a possibility for some type of like budget flush from
facilities because maybe they haven't spent as much money in the first half of the year, and there's maybe
some opportunity for additional spending in 2H?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes, Joe, I'll start. Then I'm going to give Dave a chance to put more color on that. But yes, look, I think
that in terms of buildings reopening, there could be a need, and for buildings reopening, to do service
that's been deferred or delayed. But frankly, I think what will take precedence over that is these indoor air
quality assessments to make sure the buildings actually can open and open safely. So if you think about
a strategy for returning to school, K-12 in the U.S. would be a great example of that. It's not a function
of just going in and doing deferred maintenance. It's a function of going in, as Dave said, and looking at
if whether or not the systems are working to design or code or to standards, or what might be done to
provide more reassurances. And so my sense would be that, in some cases, you could see what would
have been prevented a maintenance being spent on more retrofits into the system itself.

And how that looks into 2021, it's hard to tell. I mean, if you think about our business today in North
America, it's 50% services, 50% equipment. Of the 50% equipment, really only 20% or 30% of that is
equipment that's reported as Dodge put in place. The balance of that is retrofit. So my sense is the 70%
of our business is going to be a tremendous amount of interest, I would say, in indoor air quality, first. And
then I think everybody knows, it's just not a matter of putting in a new system or retrofitting a system to
have better indoor air quality characteristics. You then have to maintain that system again at that new,
better, higher standard. So I think in the long run, it really helps our model. It helps our business. And
clearly, it creates a safer environment for occupants.

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. I mean, the only color I would add to that, Mike, is there's a lot of science behind indoor air quality,
and we've been at this for a long time. So we know how to do this. We've been selling this for years. It's
just now we're getting a lot of attention, obviously, because of COVID.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

The other area that we're seeing, and I mentioned it earlier, is in our digital connections. We're seeing a
lot of customers now asking to be remotely connected. They understand the advantage of that now. So
that's another area that they're making investments in, and we think that will continue into the second
half.

Joseph Alfred Ritchie
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

That's helpful, guys. My one quick follow-up here. You guys mentioned that on the resi side of your
business in America, the distributor sell-through was only down mid-single digits. I'm just curious, like
where do you think inventory levels are? Is there a possibility for a restock to also kind of help that
business?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Well, we're actually, Joe, in a great position to answer that, because half of our business would be
independent wholesalers and half of our business is their company-owned wholesale distribution point.
So we sell both -- we see both the sell-in and the sell-through. But at such an archaic time, one like I've
never remembered before, where you saw, in April and May, the normal sort of sell-in that you would do
to independent distribution, really didn't happen as independent distributors made decisions about what
they thought the economy was going to hold for them and probably some preservation working capital,
some hesitation there. What they found out was the consumer was relatively resilient during that period
of time and probably, on average, found out they were holding, say, 25% less inventory as they enter
June than they needed to. Now of course, the sell-through really didn't change, and we saw that on the
company-owned side of the equation. So that led to a record June in bookings for us and it's led to a
record July.

I'll just give you one intra-quarter data point there, which is July, because it is such a quick book-and-
turn business that it is relevant. So the numbers there were quite extraordinary. June bookings up, say,
40%. July bookings, say, up 50%. All that pushed out from what would have been the normal seasonality
of April and May.

So the important thing, I think, for investors and to look at right here is how healthy is the consumer?
What's the sell-through, the actual take rate from the consumer? And are they mixing up or mixing down?
Interestingly, we're seeing a mix up, and that's different. We're fortunate too that because part of what
we're seeing in terms of our growth and our performance has been, we're now in the value segment of the
market in this downturn, but ironically, we're seeing growth in both. We're seeing growth in, for us, at the
entry-level, at the value price points. And we're seeing the premium systems also continue to have some
solid strength.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Scott Davis with Melius Research.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

On the M&A side, Mike, what's your appetite to potentially going outside of the cold chain? I mean, you
could define your exposure to buildings pretty broadly and building controls and all kinds of things maybe
unrelated to the cold chain. Is that in your -- is that a possibility? Or are you more likely to stay within
your core?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Well, it's interesting, Scott, because as you really look at the value chain inside the cold chain and the
adjacencies that we would have still inside the cold chain, you easily get to a $250 billion or $260 billion
market. And even the example that Dave gave, which is the electrification of heat in Europe, right, we've
never been in the boiler business. We've never been in the heating business, per se, in Europe. But now

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

you create a solution where between cold air and hot water, you may be 3 or 4x better than independent
solutions, and we find ourselves now really in an adjacency, which is growing the business in Europe
with ductless 4-pipe systems that allow us to participate in a $1 billion market in Europe that we didn't
participate in before.

So one of the beautiful things about the work we've done and the transformation is all the strategy work
to understand these adjacencies and see where the leverage is. So right now, everything we're looking at
is fundamentally is how we see adjacencies in the HVAC and refrigeration space. It doesn't mean that over
the long run, we wouldn't look. But I think we're seeing great opportunity right in our sweet spot and our
core competencies, utilizing our channels, our engineering talent, our R&D, all the things that we're really
good at.

Scott Reed Davis
Melius Research LLC

Okay. That's helpful. And just as a follow-up, the indoor air quality stuff is dynamic, for sure. Is there
any sense that perhaps government-level standards could be established, and maybe that's helpful for
you guys, like CDC or governments around the world that, I mean, may perhaps catalyze some of these
changes because we all know without sometimes a little bit of a push, sometimes building owners can be a
little slow to move.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. There is some talk about that. Obviously, we'd be a big part of any kind of standards that were
derived. We work with ASHRAE, which is really the organization that kind of monitors this and has a lot of
the testing associated with it.

We've been asked by our customers, if you see in the presentation, kind of that emblem there. They want
their employees to know that, in fact, an expert has come in, has taken a look and have made changes to
make the environment a safer place. So there's a chance that could become like the next lead. But right
now, there's no "standards" around that as we speak.

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. The only thing I'd add, Scott, is building codes generally adopt, like a case of the U.S., example,
ASHRAE standards. In fact, the ASHRAE standards are adopted throughout the world often in terms of
codes and standards. So although the federal government is not mandating particular standard, it's all
built into the building codes that you would see in various states and municipalities around, at least, the
country here.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Can you just talk about what you think the market did for resi HVAC? I mean, I think you guys said you
were down mid-singles for the quarter. Do you think you gained market share?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

There's no doubt about the second part of your question. I think, Dave, the market might have been down
11%, 12% because of weak April, May.

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Yes. And it really has to do with the weak April, May, as Mike said. June was extremely strong.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

And you define the market as just the AHRI kind of factory shipments?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes, you can do that in hardy. I mean, you triangulate between the 2, for sure, yes.

Charles Stephen Tusa
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. When it comes to kind of the pipeline for commercial and these orders, I mean, you would think
that this is a late-cycle market and things will fade here over time. Are you expecting orders to kind of
decelerate here? Or has that kind of bottomed as well?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Well, look, for new put in place Dodge data, the 20%, 30% of the North American commercial business,
you've really got to pull that apart, pick it apart by vertical market. And some vertical markets are
obviously going to be growing and be more resilient. Warehousing and data centers have been more
resilient as an example versus retail office buildings or retail restaurants, that sort of thing. So you have to
really pick that apart.

But for the balance of the business, I think there's going to be a very active multiple year opportunity
around going into the 70%, 80% of the business, right, both the Service business and the retrofit
business, the demand that we drive, really looking at what the outcome needs to be around some of these
IAQ assessments. And whether or not a customer can do everything at one time. Think about a large
school district or campus. So they want to prioritize certain things over time. You could really run out
multiyear asset plans for customers around the facilities and what would work. So it's hard to know sort
of if you think about the percentage of the 20%, what would decline, and compare that against what the
opportunity is from an IAQ basis, resulting retrofits and service opportunity within that, it's too early to
tell, Steve.

But there's reason to help for us that there's going to be a busy time for us relative to being able to drive
demand through what we know how to do from an IAQ assessment. And then as Dave said, and I followed
on to Dave, all this is a tremendous tax on the energy efficiency of a building. So whether a building is
occupied at 50% or 100%, in terms of running the systems, you're still running those systems at very
high usage rate and the intensity, of course, is very high with HVAC and lighting systems. So if you're
going to take these IAQ ideas, which all our tax on energy used in the facility, we're going to have a
second round or really a parallel round of when customers take an action to improve indoor air quality,
looking for offsetting energy conservation measures to neutralize that. That, I think, is an opportunity as
well. But it's too soon for us to tell kind of what really plays out.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Andy Kaplowitz with Citigroup.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Nice quarter. Mike, can you give us a little more color regarding the contributors to the better than gross
margin, decremental margin that you delivered in the quarter? Because it looks like you had several
productivity projects that were effective. Price versus cost was obviously very strong in the quarter. And
then we know that you would -- you said you would continue to deliver decremental in line with gross

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

margin better than that in Q4. But given some improvement in your markets, why couldn't you deliver
decrementals closer to Q2's performance?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Let me kick it off just with a general comment, and maybe Chris for more specifics. But we wanted
to establish a sort of a set of guardrails, the guardrail being we were going to run the leverage no worse
than the gross margins of the company. And we're making a commitment for shareholders to know what
to understand would be one side of the guardrail. We also said is we're going to play aggressive offense
around running the business for the long run and trying to emerge a much stronger company through this.

Now to the extent we can do both and invest in everything that we want to do, including the products and
services that Dave mentioned, launched in the quarter, there's a possibility of doing better than the worst
guardrail. So that's what happened in quarter 2. But you have to realize these differences between a 20%
leverage rate and a 30% leverage rate in the quarter like this past or last quarter might have been $20
million or $30 million, right, which in the grand scheme of things, if we choose to make an investment,
which, for example, or we take another action, it's not as meaningful to us inside the quarter. But the one
thing that investors should look at is the commitment that says, there's a guardrail that says, we're going
to run the business with decrementals for the full year at or inside our gross margins. Chris?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Mike, I would just add. All in, it is a mix. It's not clear today how much is temporary versus
permanent, but we are really proud with the productivity, the tight spend control we had in the second
quarter. With that, what is permanent are the structural cost takeouts that have happened that we've
announced here and getting a full year ahead of taking out $100 million of stranded costs from the
transaction.

And maybe last, just to add there, as we think around the fourth quarter of this year, we may actually
see deleverage be a little bit better than gross margins. You may recall, we had a couple of one-timers in
the fourth quarter of last year that we should comp better against here in the fourth quarter, Andy. But
otherwise, Mike's laid out for you kind of the guardrails and happy where we landed in the second quarter.

Andrew Alec Kaplowitz
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

And then Mike, I just want to follow-up on some of the residential comments you made in the sense that
you did mention 50% growth in residential bookings, if I'm not mistaken in July, which obviously, a sea
change in demand just for a month, obviously. But we know it got hotter. Home sales have improved a
bit. But do you see this boost as more of a fundamental change in the market given the evolution of work
from home. So maybe this change is more sustainable. I mean, we know you're not going to have that
kind of growth every month. But just is there something different about the market from what you can
tell?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. That's why it was important this time to just give you the best information we can and to make it as
simple as we could for any investor to understand, was to look at the sell-through. Because it's just these
aberrations we're seeing where distributors might have had 25% less than they would have normally
needed coming into June, and you see this 40% and 50% kind of growth in order rates. It's a little bit of
a catch-up, but I think that, that sell-through is what to look at here. And look, I mean, best guess, and
it's hard to know because we've only seen 7 months of the year, you could see sell-through kind of down
5, down 10, Dave, I think that's probably -- 5 is the best case. 10 may not be the worst case. We don't
know. We haven't seen the rest of the year yet, but the sell-through is the important thing.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

The aberration was really in, when you think about any independent wholesaler thinking about their own
working capital, playing out their own recession playbook, worried about really less about a pandemic
maybe -- and certainly about a pandemic, but more also about the long-term effect of a recession, there
was a retrenchment. And depending on how you place that as a distributor, you either did or didn't have
enough stock to serve customers. So then, frankly, you get more into a panic situation in June and July,
and it's a whipsaw. So I wouldn't pay attention to the 40 to the 50. I'd pay attention to the sell-through.
And I think that, that sell-through is probably going to be in that 5, 10 day -- I think it's around -- yes,
probably closer to 5.

The other thing that's a little bit different, too, is, and Mike mentioned it earlier, is we're actually mixing
up on SEER. So in past downturns, we tended to sell more lower SEER products. We're actually selling
-- we're actually mixing up, and the high SEER products are very attractive to homeowners. And some
of that obviously could be because a lot of people are working from home, and they understand the
advantage of those products.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

To follow-up on Steve's question about commercial HVAC bookings as we move into the second half and
into the first half of next year. I'm just wondering, it sounds like there's a lot of potential to work the
installed base as they kind of rescope what they want. But does that also lead to a potential air pocket as
these projects are rescoped to do the assessments? Is it just a natural lead time that's pretty extended to
actually convert some of these folks into us to take on these new solutions that you're pinching?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. I'd tell you, Gautam, we've really seen the whole spectrum there, right? In some cases, we have
customers that need to do major work, like they want to increase the amount of outside air they're
bringing in, which actually means they need more cooling capacity. So that could be the longer lead side.
And I would tell you that on the shorter lead side, we're seeing customers that really just need to fix some
of their handling equipment to make sure the dampers are working properly and maybe increase the fan
speed so that we can increase the filtration rate. So it's really all over the board.

And it's pretty early days here, right? I mean, so we can't -- we're obviously tracking this very closely,
and we'll continue to do that. But we're probably a quarter or 2 away from being able to actually give you
more color around the size and what the whole opportunity will be.

Gautam J. Khanna
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

And I know this is a stretch, but would you be willing to pontificate on whether you think commercial
HVAC sales could actually, in aggregate, be up next year versus this year based on that opportunity set?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

It's too early for us to be able to say, Gautam. What I would tell you is our sales force, commercially, we
think about it, really, it's 100% commissioned sales force, which is very unique out in the marketplace.
They're not going anywhere. And if there's less things for them to do around new buildings and new
construction, they're going to get after the billions of square feet that are out there where people need
help. So I can tell you that we're going to have all the urgency to outperform the market going forward
that you'd expect.

And for us, the most important thing is whatever the market is, we want to outperform the market, we
want to grow EBITDA margins. And that's always been the case of the product growth teams. It's been the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

case around our product development cycles. It's been the case around why it's important for us to own
and operate and service our commercial channel.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. .

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just to ask kind of the second half outlook question maybe a little differently. Mike, how should we think
about backlog consumption or backlog levels within the down 10% to 15%. Is that kind of a backlog-
neutral type establishment? Or do you think that, that really just predicated on, hey, we have a lot to
convert here, particularly in resi and beyond that, we just don't know?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Well, first of all, resi, don't even think about backlog, right? I mean, a typical quarter, we might pull 2 or 3
days worth of backlog across the quarter. What was different here is we pulled 10x that across the quarter,
or more than that across the quarter -- I'm sorry, month-to-month. So that's an anomaly.

On the commercial side, Chris, do you have a point of view on that?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I think it could be trending flat to slightly down on backlog by the end of the year, depending on
the order rates that come in, what we're seeing. But I think it's a little bit too early to tell where we're
going to land. I think the service offerings Dave and Mike have talked about with indoor air quality and
otherwise, could also be a catalyst here for backlog and for projects, but I'd say, at this point, too early to
tell.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

We have a business -- we hear -- we call it turnkey. Turnkey for us, generally speaking, projects under
$100,000. We're going in and doing retrofits and energy conservation projects, and going forward, you're
probably going to find a lot of indoor air quality projects going in that. So part of it is trying to understand
how much increase in turnkey that we demand generate versus what are we seeing in terms of traditional
projects going through design, plan, spec, sourcing, construction, and then ultimate delivery of product
and services. Hard to know. So this is the earlier point that I think Steve asked. Just need more time here
to see how this really plays out in terms of the kinds of opportunities and retrofits we see with IAQ.

Joshua Charles Pokrzywinski
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Got it. And then just a follow-up on where we stand with, I guess, some of the initiatives proposed by
Biden, I think, talked about retrofitting 4 million buildings. I think you have a long enough memory as
July on the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act, which didn't seem like a needle mover at the time.
But any perspective you would have on either lobbying to make sure HVAC is a big piece of that, or sales
teams that are particularly geared to focus on it? Any either lessons learned from history or perspective on
what's been out there so far?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

We're a huge supporter of that because the payback on that, it's not a handout. It's a payback. And
so to the extent federal and state buildings could be retrofitted, this always has been this enormous
opportunity that I think that, that sort of thing could really unlock for us. And certainly, we're talking to
the administration frequently around the opportunity there. We'd be a strong supporter of that type of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

activity. And we're uniquely suited to be able to go address those challenges because, frankly, it's really
doing 2 things. It's not just infrastructure renewal, indoor air quality and energy savings. We're doing this
stuff, typically, with reducing greenhouse gas emissions dramatically, if not completely, if they use our
EcoWise portfolio. So it just checks so many boxes that are good for the country and for the world. And
the paybacks on these things are very short.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I think there's been a lot of discussion on the buildings facing markets, so maybe turn the spotlight to
Transport refrigeration for a second. Your comments on the second half outlook, I guess, were fairly
downbeat, understandably. But just wondered if you could frame a sort of likely timing as you see it today
for recovery? And any kind of historical context. This market tends to see quite rapid rebounds when they
do occur. Is there any reason why you would think this time might be different?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

Yes. Julian, I'll start, and Mike can add some color. But in North America, ACT, right now, is saying that
2021 will have a rebound in the 20% range. IHS in Europe has got a little bit more conservative bounce
back. So their models are saying that. We obviously have our own internal models that we track. There's
been a lot of deferred buying, I would say, especially in the long-haul space in North America. So we're
hoping that ACT is correct.

But I tell you, there's still a lot of uncertainty out there right now, and I would tell you that a lot of these
trucking companies, they're very good business people, and they're not going to make investments that
they don't need or they can't really see the return on. So we're cautiously optimistic on 2021.

Julian C.H. Mitchell
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

And then just my second question around capital deployment. Your sales outlook is a bit better than what
it was for the year back in April. Maybe there's a little bit more visibility in general today than 3 months
ago. So I just wanted to check in on that appetite to put the balance sheet to work in the next, call it, 6 to
12 months and how you're thinking about the priority of acquisitions relative to buybacks at this point?

Christopher J. Kuehn
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Julian, this is Chris. I'll start out with an answer. I mean, I think our strategy here around deployment
has not changed. Right now, we're making sure we're funding the business with the investments that
it needs. As Dave highlighted, with the 4 product introductions we've had in the quarter, that's really
important for us to make sure that's priority #1.

I think we're keeping our optionality open for the second half as it relates to share repurchases. As it
relates to dividends, we're locked into dividends here through the third quarter. We'll have $375 million
paid out approximately in dividends by the end of September. And after that, it's really looking to visibility
into the future. The better visibility we have would give us a lot more confidence in deploying more at that
point, so. But right now, the focus is on investment.

Mike, anything?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Julian, I think that our litmus test around share buyback versus M&A is just sort of the intrinsic
value of what we think the share price, share value is, and what we think the long-range return is for the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

acquisition of the M&A. And so we've always been sort of agnostic and fair about looking at that. I mean,
clearly, all things being equal, we'd rather build and grow the company and have the opportunities that,
that presents itself. And so we are seeing a pipeline. It is active. We will do some things in the back half of
the year.

Frankly, COVID and travel has actually hurt things like due diligence. The amount of time we spend
and the speed in which we could perhaps react and go see things. And so that's been a little bit more
challenging for us. But I think we'll still be active this year with some M&A.

Operator

Your next question today comes from the line of Andrew Obin with Bank of America.

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Appreciate squeezing me in. Just a question. AIA, I think, recently just published the summary 2021
forecast for nonres construction. And I think most of the forecast that they have sort of indicate that, I
think, buildings are going to be down next year. And I guess it's another way of asking a question about
market outlook for next year. But I think -- last year, I think Mike was highlighting the fact that you guys
have multiyear visibility on the cycle, and just wondering what you sort of think about visibility on the
cycle in light of this?

And because it's late on the call, my second part is a lot more specific. What kind of visibility do you have
on institutional market into the second half, specifically hospitals and education?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Andrew, remember that the AIA data is going to really look at 20% or 30% of our North American
commercial HVAC business and correlate to that. It's not going to correlate to the other 60%, 70%, which
is going to be service and retrofit in the equipment base, or even 70% to 80%, which is relative to the
service, plus the retrofit base. So we would intend to do better, I think, as a result of the service business
and driving retrofits and these IAQ opportunities on that front.

As it relates to sort of institutional activity and construction activity, these projects take a long time to get
started. There's typically funding, bond issuance, taxes that funded these projects. They're often multiyear
projects or multi-phased projects and so they tend to last a long time. And there's plenty of infrastructure
required.

Now Dave, any more comments you might have on individual verticals or anything that might be helpful?

David S. Regnery
President & COO

No. I would just say that this isn't normal times. Maybe last year, we had a lot more visibility. But
obviously, things are changed right now. Like I told you earlier, it's pretty fuzzy right now as to what the
verticals are.

The good news is, is that we're very diverse in the verticals. So we're not overweighted in any one
vertical. And I think I said earlier, we are seeing strength in warehousing, and strength is the right word,
but they're stronger than other verticals. And things like retail and office have slowed down considerably.

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think market-wise, I'd worry more about the parts of the market that are much more consumer-
sensitive like commercial retail, big box, those sorts of things. We're seeing more bankruptcies, more mall
closures, things like that, sort of the light unitary, the rooftop market, those respond much quicker to
economic shock.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Andrew Burris Obin
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I think what I was sort of referring to is, I think, lack of elective procedures really disrupted sort of
finances at the hospitals. And I think sort of some of the dealers we talked to highlighted this uncertainty.
So I was just wondering if any sign of hospital behavior returning to normal by year-end?

Michael W. Lamach
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Look, it's put pressure on hospitals' finances clearly without being able to do elective surgeries and
whatnot. So that's something to keep an eye on. But one thing for certain is the health care infrastructure
in the United States is not going to fail, right? If you think about any stimulus or any risk of that
happening, I think that would be a place where you would see support coming in to help hospitals in that
situation. So I'm not worried about the long-term or even the midterm effect of health care. And I think
we've gotten through -- hopefully, we're getting through the worst of this nonelective surgery component,
which drives revenues through the health care system.

Operator

And at this time, I will turn the call back to the presenters for any closing remarks. .

Zachary A. Nagle
Vice President of Investor Relations

This is Zac Nagle. I just wanted to thank everybody for joining the call today. We really appreciate it. And
as always, Shane and I will be available over the next coming days and today to take any questions or
calls that you may have. So please reach out. Thanks, and we'll speak to you soon.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

TRANE TECHNOLOGIES PLC FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

