Under Armour, Inc. NYSE:UAA
FQ1 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, May 04, 2021 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2021-

-FQ2 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.04

0.16

Revenue  (mm)

1127.08

1257.20

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-04-2021 1:25 PM GMT

300.00

11.54

(0.10)

0.28

0.36

1049.46

5094.07

5168.11

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

CONSENSUS

(0.40)

0.03

(0.06)

0.04

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

ACTUAL

(0.31)

0.26

0.12

0.16

SURPRISE

NM

766.67 %

NM

300.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Lance Allega
Senior Vice President of
Investor Relations & Corporate
Development

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive
Director

ANALYSTS

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Randal J. Konik
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Samuel Marc Poser
Williams Trading, LLC, Research
Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Under Armour First Quarter 2021
Earnings Webcast and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference
is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to Lance Allega, SVP, Investor Relations and Corporate
Development. Thank you, sir. Please go ahead.

Lance Allega
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development

Thank you. Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us for Under Armour's First Quarter
Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call.

Yesterday after the close of market, we announced that we have entered into a settlement with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, resolving a previously announced investigation related to disclosure
and the impact of certain pull-forward sales for the third quarter of 2015 through the fourth quarter of
2016. This settlement is to our disclosures and does not include any allegations from the SEC that sales
during these periods did not comply with GAAP. The details of the settlement are outlined in our press
release, and we are happy to put this behind us.

The information provided on today's call will include forward-looking statements to reflect Under Armour's
view of its current business as of May 4, 2021. Statements are made subject to risks and uncertainties
that are detailed in documents regularly filed with the SEC and the safe harbor statement included in this
morning's press release, both of which can be found on our website at about.underarmour.com.

It is important to note that the ongoing uncertainty related to COVID-19 and its potential impacts on the
global retail environment could continue to impact our business results moving forward. We may reference
non-GAAP financial information on today's call, including adjusted and currency-neutral terms, which are
defined under SEC rules in this morning's press release. You may also hear us refer to amounts under
U.S. GAAP. Reconciliations of GAAP to non-GAAP measures can also be found in the press release, which
identify and quantify all excluded items and provides our view about why we believe this information is
helpful to investors.

Joining us on today's call will be Under Armour President and CEO, Patrik Frisk; and CFO, Dave Bergman.
Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions.

And with that, may the fourth be with you. And now I'll turn the call over to Patrik.

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Thank you, Lance, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2021 conference call.
With the continued disciplined execution of our strategic playbook, we're happy with our results, which
marks a better-than-expected start to our year.

As with many companies, our year-over-year comparisons are affected by the significant COVID impacts
we experienced in 2020. Putting these dynamics aside for a moment and perhaps what we're most
encouraged to see at this early point in our year, is that on a 2-year stack, that is skipping over 2020,
we're running a better, higher quality and more profitable business. This is even more evident because
of the strategies we've employed over the past couple of years, including significantly reduced sales
to the off-price channel, proactive supply constraints against demand signals, the early days of exiting
undifferentiated distribution, and certainly, on an annual basis, the absence of MyFitnessPal, which we sold
at the end of last year.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

By staying focused on athletic performance, operational excellence and connecting even more deeply
with our consumers, these efforts are beginning to drive more consistent results, particularly in North
America, our largest and most challenged business over the past couple of years. At the highest level, we
are executing well strategically, operationally and financially.

Given these and other factors, including market dynamics and continued strong momentum in fitness and
wellness, we have meaningfully updated our outlook for the year, with revenue now expected to grow at a
high-teen percentage rate, bringing our business essentially back in line with our results from 2019.

As our transformation continues to translate into improved momentum for Under Armour, there are no
changes to the strategies we outlined earlier this year: strengthening the brand, continuous operating
model improvement, elevating a direct-to-consumer-focused approach and staying disciplined about
turning greater profitability and value to shareholders.

Using this construct, I'll take a few minutes to highlight some of the progress we're making in these
areas, starting with brand strength. From a marketing and consumer engagement perspective, our global
campaign, The Only Way is Through, is delivering a singular Under Armour voice with focused performers.
In 2021, we are evolving these efforts to bring the ecosystem of how we engage and inspire athletes
across both physical and digital experiences into even better alignment.

These factors, driven by more robust data-driven decisions, a constant consumer insights feedback loop
and our meaningfully improved outlook gives us confidence that this is an opportune time to amplify
the momentum even more greatly in the second half of this year. As such, we plan to make additional
investments to support our marketing efforts to help drive awareness and increase conversion. These
accelerated investments will primarily focus on North America and critical countries like China and
Germany, where we are still significantly underpenetrated from a brand awareness perspective.

Next is product. As a premium athletic performance brand, the products that Under Armour delivers to
the marketplace must meet and exceed the consumers' high expectation of performance, fit and style
unfailingly to make them better. So whether it's bringing newness and excitement to women with our
crossback and Infinity bras and no slip waste band leggings, to the next generation of RUSH and Iso-Chill
apparel for all athletes, our go-to-market process, storytelling and operational excellence are helping to
drive more robust consumer demand.

Taking a moment to talk about our run category. We continue to be quite pleased with the success of our
Under Armour HOVR franchise as it's broadened our appeal and preference among runners by offering
multiple price points and seasonal newness to inspire loyalty. During the first quarter, we saw strength in
HOVR Sonic, Machina and Infinite.

We also successfully launched our most pinnacle running footwear ever with the UA Flow Velociti Wind.
Priced at $160, this product is delivering well against our expectations. It's also pushing performance with
data from our MapMyRun digital app, telling us that runners wearing these shoes are on average going
further and faster than any other UA running shoe. So while still early, very exciting to see.

Switching gears to our second area of focus, which is continuous operating model improvement. With
the critical mass of our transformation now behind us, and appropriately rebased cost structure and
optionality that scaled smartly with future growth, we believe we are firmly on a path to returning to
double-digit operating margin over the long term. This, of course, is not a one-and-done strategy, there is
no finish line. Yet instead an ever-present focus on getting better, better process, more optimal structure,
more efficient systems and vigilance around our decision-making. By region, channel or product, we
are constantly challenging ourselves to leverage our foundational horsepower by being more precise
and return-based on the investment choices we make as a global company to advance our strategic and
financial goals.

Looking at our business by region. Let's review how some of this is playing out. I'll start with North
America, which by many accounts, I believe to be in the healthiest position it's been in, in quite a few
years from both a brand and financial perspective. High-quality revenue driven by a sharp focus around

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

tight inventory management, proactive demand constraints, improving segmentation and servicing our
customers well puts us in the sweet spot of our strategy to return to brand-right premium growth.

To support this confidence and recall in my earlier 2-year stack example, we see our full-price wholesale
business in North America in 2021 being meaningfully here than the same business in 2019. Keep in
mind, this is despite several headwinds in the comp set, including proactive demand constraints, exiting
undifferentiated retail, a significant reduction in sales to the off-price channel and overall promotional
activities. So we've taken, in total, an encouraging sign as to the future of our business.

The other side of this equation is our direct-to-consumer business in North America, where we remain
committed to reducing our promotional activity and driving improved store and digital productivity. And
while traffic challenges persist in our physical stores, the business is performing above plan, and we
expect it to deliver solid growth in 2021.

Shifting next to Asia Pacific. While short-term pandemic-driven impacts continue to present traffic
challenges and higher promotional activities across the region, we remain confident in our ability to
navigate these dynamics to emerge a stronger brand. Opportunistically, given an accelerated shift to
online purchase behaviors, investments into CRM and digital activations remain center stage in our
playbook to driving better brand affinity in the long term. From a direct-to-consumer perspective, we
remain appropriately cautious concerning the right balance of return on those investments relative to the
environment and staying premium.

Next up is EMEA. And even though ongoing impacts from COVID-19 and related restrictions are tempering
our near-term growth expectations a bit, there's no change to our expectations for this crucial market.
With stronger-than-expected bookings coming in for the fourth quarter, we remain encouraged by
our strategies to tightly manage inventory while investing in brand awareness and consideration. The
reception to new products, combined with the strength of our go-to-market, is enabling us to build strong
demand among key wholesale and distributor partners. And within our direct-to-consumer business, while
stores are a bit more challenged due to pandemic restrictions, like last year, our e-commerce business
continues to serve as a healthy offset to drive growth.

And finally, our Latin America region. As discussed on our last call, we have begun transitioning our
business in certain countries to a strategic distributor model. While we expect this change to negatively
impact our revenue in 2021, over the long term, we believe it will help drive greater profitability and
provide a better opportunity to increase brand awareness and affinity across this region.

Now moving to our third priority, elevating a direct consumer-focused approach. Consumer shopping
preferences continues to blur the lines between physical and digital demanding that brands create unique
personalized experiences to integrate seamlessly into their lives. For Under Armour, we believe building
out the capabilities to execute a powerful omnichannel strategy will enable us to create more connected
shopping experiences across all consumer touch points.

From an owned store perspective, our first quarter results, led by improved traffic trends and higher
average order values, along with higher gross margins due to reduced promotional activity, are
encouraging signs for how we're thinking about our long-term opportunity in retail. In the near term,
however, even amid optimism from recent trends, we'll continue to keep an appropriate level of
conservatism in the mix.

Globally, our e-commerce business was up 69% in the first quarter, representing approximately 45%
of our total direct-to-consumer business and included solid growth across all regions with better-than-
expected conversion. Given the outside strength of e-commerce in 2020 and the continued shift to online
due to the pandemic, we are hyper-focused on better understanding the consumer journey and building
greater digital capabilities to unlock even deeper connections with athletes. And ultimately, while it's left
to be seen about how sticky last year's e-commerce results are against this year's performance, we're
confident that making additional investments in our sites, teams and processes to support our long-term
growth expectations is money well spent.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Bringing all these strategies together leads us to our last focus, maintaining our discipline around
profitability to drive sustainable shareholder value over the long term. With our expectation of revenue
being up at a high-teen rate for the full year, I am pleased with our progress and our expectation to
deliver an adjusted operating margin in line with 2019. This is a nice step up towards a double-digit rate
over the long term.

So to wrap up, I'm pleased with the progress we are making. Our transformational strategy to architect a
global operating model capable of driving sustainable and profitable growth is on track. With a solid start
to the year, it's about continuing to execute the play with patience and allowing the processes, tools and
structure we've built to drive improved capabilities across Under Armour and further enable our ability to
compete for premium brand-right growth.

And with that, I'll hand it over to Dave.

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Thanks, Patrik. Today's results are strong evidence that our transformed operating model can efficiently
serve strong demand for the Under Armour brand against the continued backdrop of uncertainty due to
the COVID-19 pandemic.

With an outstanding start to the year, let's dive right in with our first quarter results. Revenue was up 35%
to $1.3 billion compared to the prior year. This was better than expected due to higher demand across
our wholesale and DTC businesses. From a channel perspective, our wholesale revenue was up 35%.
Keep in mind, approximately 2/3 of this growth was due to a Q4 '20 to Q1 '21 shift related to COVID-19
impacts connected to customer order flow and changes in supply chain timing, as noted on our last call.
In addition, most of our Q1 wholesale over-delivery was due to stronger sell-through and higher demand
from our North American customers.

Our direct-to-consumer business increased 54%, led by a 69% growth in e-commerce and 44% growth in
our owned and operated retail stores. Our DTC results were better-than-expected, primarily due to higher
average order values in retail and higher e-commerce conversion rates. Our licensing business was up 9%,
driven primarily by North America.

By product type, apparel revenue was up 35%, driven by our train and run categories. Footwear was up
47%, driven by our run and team sports categories. And our accessories business was up 73%, with most
of the growth being driven by sports masks.

From a regional and segment perspective, first quarter revenue in North America was up 32%, driven by
growth in our wholesale business, which was driven in part by Q4 to Q1 COVID-19-impacted order shift.
Additionally, we saw strength in our North American DTC business, with Factory House and e-commerce
leading the way for growth.

In EMEA, revenue was up 41%, driven by growth in wholesale, led by our distributor business, including
the Q4 to Q1 COVID-19-impacted order shift as well as strength in e-commerce. It's important to note
that EMEA continues to face significant impacts due to COVID, with about 1/3 of our owned and partner
mono-branded doors closed at the end of the quarter.

Revenue in Asia Pacific was up 120%, with balanced growth across all channels, including our wholesale
business, which partly benefited from Q4 to Q1 COVID-19-impacted order shifts. As a reminder, stores in
APAC were closed through most of Q1 2020, so we are comping a more significant COVID-19 impact here
than in our other regions.

In Latin America, revenue was down 9%, driven primarily by lower wholesale results, partially offset by
growth in e-commerce.

First quarter gross margin was significantly better-than-expected, with a 370 basis point improvement to
50%, driven by approximately 270 basis points of pricing improvements due to lower promotional activity
within our DTC channel, along with lower promotions and markdowns within our wholesale business. In

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

addition, we experienced 130 basis points of supply chain benefits, including improved inventory levels
resulting in lower reserves and product costing improvements.

And finally, we realized 50 basis points of favorable channel mix due to a lower mix of off-price sales and
a higher mix of DTC. Offsetting these improvements was about 140 basis points of negative gross margin
impact related to the absence of MyFitnessPal, a factor we expect to impact us throughout this year.

Overall, versus our previous outlook for first quarter gross margin, we saw tighter inventories driven
by stronger-than-expected demand and lower promotions, which resulted in a reduced requirement for
inventory reserves, along with more favorable pricing.

SG&A expenses were down 7% to $515 million, primarily due to lower legal and marketing costs versus
the prior year. Relative to our 2020 restructuring plan, we recorded $7 million of charges in the first
quarter, an amount less than we had anticipated due to slower-than-expected execution.

Including Q1, we've now realized $480 million of pretax restructuring and related charges. As detailed last
September, this plan contemplates total charges ranging from $550 million to $600 million. It's important
to note that all remaining charges are related to initiatives that we determined in 2020, meaning we are
not adding anything new in 2021. We expect to incur approximately $35 million to $40 million of charges
in the second quarter as we work towards completing this program in the second half of 2021.

Moving on. Our first quarter operating income was $107 million. Excluding restructuring and impairment
charges, adjusted operating income was $114 million. After tax, we realized net income of $78 million or
$0.17 of diluted earnings per share during the quarter. Excluding restructuring charges and the noncash
amortization of debt discount on our senior convertible notes, our adjusted net income was $75 million
or $0.16 of adjusted diluted earnings per share. And finally, inventory at the end of the first quarter was
down 9% to $852 million, a clear indicator of the improvements we have made to drive a more efficient
operating model.

Now moving on to our updated 2021 outlook. While recent consumer trends continue to be more positive
than we anticipated, we remain cautious with respect to demand and the overall marketplace due to
the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, today's outlook is predicated on our business continuing under
the same general macros we've seen most recently, with no significant shutdowns as well as moderate
improvements within the greater retail landscape as the year progresses.

That said, let's start at the top with revenue, which we expect to be up at a high-teen percentage rate for
the full year. This reflects a high-teen percentage increase in North America and a low 30s percentage rate
increase in our international business. And while we see improvements across our regions, more robust
demand in North America is driving most of the gain relative to our last outlook.

From a channel perspective, our Q4 bookings have come in better within our wholesale business than our
initial expectations. As discussed, we are focused on managing our inventory tightly, including constraining
supply to meet demand and exiting undifferentiated retail, particularly in North America.

In our DTC business, we also expect to see stronger results drive through the remainder of the year, with
retail store growth far outpacing that of e-commerce, given that business is up against some difficult
comps in 2020.

For gross margin, on a GAAP basis, we expect the full year rate to be up approximately 50 basis points
against our 2020 adjusted gross margin of 48.6%, with benefits from pricing and supply chain efficiency
partially offset by the sale of MyFitnessPal, which carried a high gross margin rate. The gross margin
improvement relative to our previous outlook is due to improving benefits within pricing, partially offset
by changes in channel mix and increased freight expense related to port congestion and logistical costs,
which remains a rapidly evolving situation.

From an SG&A perspective, as we stated on our last call, We believe we have appropriately re-based our
cost structure to scale for future growth. The improved discipline and processes we employ help ensure we
stay return-based with the optionality to invest in critical areas like marketing in our DTC and international
businesses.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

As Patrik laid out, we intend to take advantage of some of our improved outlook in the second half of
this year with incremental investments, particularly in marketing, to continue driving the underlying
momentum we're seeing. In this respect, we expect SG&A to be up at a rate that is approximately 1/2
that of our revenue growth.

In addition to these incremental marketing investments, the other significant part of the overall increase
in SG&A relative to our prior outlook is higher incentive compensation when compared to a year that saw
significant reductions against target levels. When combined, these marketing investments and planned
higher incentive compensation represent about 3/4 of the increase in our year-over-year SG&A dollars,
meaning without them, the underlying SG&A is planned up slightly at about 2% to 3% in absolute dollars,
which is consistent with the initial outlook we provided earlier this year. That said, remaining discipline
about controlling costs and ensuring the right balance between growth, productivity and profitability is our
top priority.

After these factors, we now expect operating income to reach approximately $105 million to $115 million
this year or about $230 million to $240 million on an adjusted basis. Translated to rate, we expect to
deliver an operating margin of approximately 2% or an adjusted operating margin of approximately 4.5%
in 2021. All of this takes us to a diluted loss per share of approximately $0.02 to $0.04, or excluding
restructuring impacts, about $0.28 to $0.30 of adjusted diluted earnings per share.

To sum it up, we believe we have appropriately updated our outlook to reflect the improvements we see
across the business. And to reiterate some of the comments we made on our last call, headwinds should
be taken into consideration for our full year outlook, particularly in the second half, including the absence
of MyFitnessPal; continued supply and demand constraints; the exit of undifferentiated retail, which starts
in the back half of this year; changes to our Latin American operating model; and lower expected sales of
our sports masks.

For a little more color on the quarterly flow, we expect our second quarter revenue to be up approximately
70% as we lap last year's significantly shuttered retail world, with the highest regional growth seen in
North America and Latin America.

Next, we expect Q2 gross margin to be down about 120 to 140 basis points primarily due to the following
negative impacts: channel mix, with e-commerce being a considerably lower portion of the overall
business when compared to last year; and within the wholesale channel, we expect a higher percentage
of off-price sales versus last year's second quarter when off-price was predominantly closed. Additionally,
the absence of MyFitnessPal will negatively impact the quarter. And finally, we anticipate increased freight
expense from a supply chain perspective relative to the prior year as we work through ongoing logistics
and transportation challenges.

These negative factors are expected to be partially offset by an improvement in pricing due to lower
planned promotional and discounting activities, along with some tailwinds from changes in foreign
currency.

Bringing this to the bottom line, we expect second quarter adjusted operating income to be approximately
$40 million to $45 million or about $0.04 to $0.06 of adjusted diluted earnings per share.

To close out, with an incredibly focused strategy led by a talented, passionate team and improved
operations from our multiyear transformation, we believe Under Armour is well positioned to deliver on our
expectations for 2021 and beyond.
With that, we'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Congrats to the team there. I was hoping you could spend a little bit more time, Patrik, talking about the
North American landscape. It sounds like the outlook here is a lot brighter than you would have thought 3
months ago, which seems like the main reason for the guide up today.

Can you just share more about what you're seeing? And then really on the wholesale order books, I'm
very curious what's implied in the back half. Given the second quarter strength that you're seeing, it
seems like you've still left some wiggle room there. So just any insights maybe, from Dave as well, on
what the retailers are looking at for the second half?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Thank you. Well, let's start with North America. For us, thinking about North America today and the
journey that we've been on, I mentioned in my script that we feel that the North American business is
in a healthier position this year than it's been in a very long time. And that has to do with the quality of
what's in the market for us right now as a brand, and the fact that we understand the consumer better
and what's working for them. We're leveraging that into our go-to-market. We're also leveraging our
marketing spend more efficiently, and we're doing that through the ROMI work, return on investment and
marketing model that we now have here at Under Armour.

And this whole go-to-market that we started to deploy in early 2020 makes us better each season.
And part of that is the execution that you're now seeing across innovation, across gender, across our
various categories and across the world. And in North America, being our biggest business, it just has a
disproportionate impact, we believe.

But we're also seeing strength in the fitness and wellness industry that we're benefiting from, for sure.
And we believe that's going to continue as we go into the rest of '21 and beyond at this point. So a lot
to be proud of from the team. There's definitely a spring in our step at this point in terms of how we
think about North America. Execution is, of course, everything, and we are executing. We're getting the
right stuff at the right place at the right time, better innovation, better product, better marketing, all
coordinated and the consumer is responding.

Dave, I don't know if you want to add a little bit of color there?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Erinn, I think maybe what I would just remind on when we think about back half North America. The
demand constraints work that we've put in place, we think, is the right thing for premium growth. But that
has a little bit of an impact on back half.

But then also, the plans to exit on differentiated retail and really focus on premium side is more of a back
half impact for North America as well. And then also, we mentioned the sport masks business is a factor
as well as far as being down back half versus back half of last year. So a couple of different factors that
are going on there. And then we are still operating in highly uncertain times with COVID-19. So we're
trying to be prudent with our planning as well.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Got it. Fair enough. And then If I could just ask a follow-up on what you're seeing in the women's
department right now. Just how did men's versus women's kind of perform on that 35% apparel growth in
the quarter?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Yes. Women's -- really, as we came into 2020, our women's business started to show meaningful
improvement. And a lot of that, I would attribute to better product, better communication, better
marketing. And across both tops, bottoms as well as footwear, we're resonating with the consumer right
now in many different styles.

If I had to make a call out, I think what's really encouraging for me in our run category, for example, in
the footwear space, the launches that we've had around the Flow Velociti Wind, continuing with the HOVR
and Machina and Sonic and Infinite is resonating for both genders.

And then when it comes to apparel for women, our Infinity cross bra as well as our Meridian leggings and
many other products that we're now innovating into for women as it relates to leggings like our no-slip
waste band, for example, which is really been a great innovation for us this year, are all resonating.

So it's more comprehensive. It's across more styles. It's across categories. It's tops, it's bottoms, it's
footwear. And it's that holistic approach that we're taking to the business head to toe through the go-to-
market. But it's also about the communication. We're showing up in a way that the consumer expects
Under Armour to show up in, and it's resonating. So very, very excited about what that might mean for us
going forward.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Jim Duffy with Stifel.

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

I wanted to start on the inventory position. Given where you guys have come from, I'm really pleased to
be asking this question. But I'm curious, as you look at the accelerating demand, how you feel about the
inventory position? Do you feel you have enough to capitalize on the demand that's materializing? Can
you give us an update on your capacity to chase should demand outstrip your supply? And then I have a
follow-up on that.

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Sure, Jim. This is Patrik. I'll start it off, and I'll hand it over to Dave. Maybe he can give you a little bit
more color, too.

Well, we came into this year, and we've talked about this now for the last 6 months and the last 2 calls
around this notion of demand constraint. What it means is that we're tightening how we think about
inventory across both in terms of exiting undifferentiated retail, which is exiting somewhere between
2,000 to 3,000 doors that will take full effect in the back half of this year.

We're also tightening the buckets that's in an inventory. Things like order replenishment and at once.
Dialing it in better, making sure that we have, of course, the right product at the right place but not
necessarily spreading ourselves so thin across, but being very, very selective with our investments.

The reality is, Jim, that we won't have a tremendous amount of opportunity to capitalize on accelerating
demand beyond what we're actually seeing and what we're thinking about right now simply because we
are constraining ourselves. That's part of the model that we're running right now, and we believe very
strongly and because we do want to continue to tighten up the availability of bad inventory, making sure
that we're staying as clean as we can in every channel and every point of distribution.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

And as it relates to chase, that's going to be something that we're not going to do so much of in '21.
And we're doing that also to be careful with what we're seeing right now in terms of everything that's
happening in supply chain. We think that would be a very risky proposition at this point. So we're being
very careful with any sort of chase for the back half of 2021.

I don't know if you want to add some color on that, Dave?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Patrik, I think you covered it pretty well.

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

And then, Patrik, you spoke to this in your prepared remarks. But thinking about the foundation of
revenue for '21, a much healthier base of business than prior years, more direct-to-consumer as a percent
of the mix. I'm curious, as you look relative to prior years, if we were to think about units versus ASP in
that revenue base, how would that shape up? Is there any way to frame the ASP accretion that you've
seen over a couple of year period relative to that 2019 base? And then do you see opportunities with your
tighter inventories, healthier revenue base to leverage pricing power in the product line?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Yes. It's a little different when you go across in terms of what's going on. A lot of this, of course, is
driven by a combination of factors. One is the actual availability of inventory. One is the better product
that you're launching and the better ability to launch product well, right, which is resonating with the
consumer. In other words, you're getting a bang for your buck in both ends in terms of us being able to be
more premium as it relates to less promotional activity in our own channel in terms of markdowns, driving
our average selling prices up.

It's also resulting in less markdown in the wholesale channel because our innovation is matching our
inventory levels. So the weeks on hand are lower. And as a consequence, they're selling our product
better, which means that we're not diluting our gross-to-net so much.

And what we're seeing right now with this approach that we've taken is that all of those things are
happening simultaneously. And it's about balance, right? It's about balance in terms of how much
inventory you have in those different channels and buckets and how you're able to communicate your
innovation and your product stories to the marketplace, which we're doing much better.

And I would just highlight also the fact that if you think about the digital revenue aspect of this, the
work that we've done on our e-commerce over the last 18 months, specifically as it relates to what
we did midway through last year, for example, with the new North American site and our ability to
merchandise better, be faster. We're now also upgrading the European sites to the same standard as the
North American site. They're on the same platform, which will enable us to capitalize a little more on being
better also in digital in the back half of the year.

I don't know, Dave, do you want to talk about some of the gross-to-net maybe?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean I think just to kind of sum it up, maybe, Jim, with the healthier mix that we're seeing versus
2019, that does bring along higher AUR and average order value, AOV. So we are seeing that progress,
and we're excited about continuing to drive that healthier business forward.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Randy Konik with Jefferies.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Randal J. Konik
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

A quick question. So just on -- just to be a little more specific on the improvement in sell-through. Is there
any kind of quantification you can give us on the changes you've seen on sell-through improvement, let's
say, today versus, I don't know, 6 months or a year or 2 years ago? Just give us some perspective there.
And maybe a little more color on the differences and changes you've seen on that sell-through in apparel
versus footwear in the business?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Randy, this is Dave. We typically don't quantify the sell-through changes. But what I would say is that
the bigger improvements that we started really seeing in sell-through were really back half of last year
and continuing forward through Q1. And we're excited about the fact that that's also leading towards
less need for promotions, less need for markdowns, less need for returns. So again, kind of the revenue
dilution aspects of that have been fairly favorable as well as we continue forward. And that's helping from
a gross margin perspective. That's helping from an inventory management perspective and taking back
less returns. And also making it maybe a little bit easier also to manage that off-price third-party mix in
that kind of 3% to 4% range that we think is kind of the sweet spot as we go forward.

So we continually monitor the weeks of stock that are at our wholesale partners, which has been at very,
very healthy levels for, really, 2 to 3 quarters now. And we continue to see that. We continue to have great
partnerships and discussions with our key accounts. And we're excited to -- working together with them to
maximize sell-through as we continue to move forward.

Randal J. Konik
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great, helpful. And then maybe a follow-up on just your journey and path towards a long-term thought
process around double-digit operating margins. Can you give us some framework on how you're thinking
about how the DTC business, more specifically online, kind of factors into your assumptions and kind
of just the way you're thinking about the margin structure across the business around that channel
distribution?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean there's a couple of different things going on there, Randy, great question. And we are
definitely on that journey towards double-digit operating margin. It is going to come in a couple of
different ways.

You're right, we are going to continue to lean forward on DTC and really the best expression of our brand
and driving those touch points with the consumers. That will continue to mix up a little bit of our revenue
as we go forward. Keep in mind, though, that a lot of the doors we open in APAC are partner doors, and
those go through wholesale. So that might temper the increasing mix of DTC a little bit. But you will
continue to see the DTC mix go up, and with that comes generally higher gross margin.

When you couple that with a lot of the costing improvements that our supply chain has been driving over
the last few years. So part of that journey is continued positive developments on the gross margin front.
But then also there's kind of a 2-part story within SG&A. As you know, when you start to mix up in DTC
on the revenue side, that does bring with it a little bit more in SG&A and operating costs with rent and
everything else. So that does pressure kind of the SG&A to revenue a little bit. But with all the extensive
work we've done with re-basing the cost structure and the operating model and restructuring, we feel like
we're in a really good spot. It's kind of re-basing that cost structure to be able to leverage a lot better as
we grow. And that's what we're going to be doing as we go into '22 and beyond.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

So you'll continue to see a little bit of improvement SG&A to revenue, a little bit of improvement in gross
margin, and that's really kind of the simplest way to lay out the journey to double-digit operating margin.
So we're excited about running forward on that.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank.

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats on very strong results and momentum. I wanted to continue on the margin conversation. If
you can give a little bit additional detail on the updated forecast for SG&A this year, the second half, in
particular. I think your prior guidance for the year was slight growth. So it certainly sounds like there's
a major step-up. So just want to better understand that the prior guide did not include that majority of
marketing investments that you now plan on making. And it also sounds like the assumption is maybe
little incremental revenue despite the brand building campaign that you're pursuing?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. Paul, this is Dave. Excluding the incremental investments that we're making in the marketing and
that we plan in incentive comp, we do expect the rest of SG&A to grow slightly, which is what we had
mentioned on our last call.

And this is similar to what we expected coming into the year, driven by continued investments into retail
and international, offset by savings initiatives related to our restructuring and our capital preservation
strategies from 2020, along with lower legal expenses as well.

So you are seeing an increase from our last forecast, especially in marketing as we want to invest more
in the brand and continue that momentum in the back half of the year. And then you are seeing a higher
expectation of incentive compensation with the improving results. But again, we feel good about the cost
structure as we drive into '22 and going forward. And these increases that we mentioned versus the prior
outlook are not long-term commitments. So it is something that we can continue to adjust. And as we
move into 2022, continue to rely on that reset cost base.

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Understood. And then I guess just my follow-up, maybe just turning to other geographies outside of North
America. Could you maybe just give a little bit more detail on what you're seeing in Europe? In China
specifically? And then also, how to think about the LatAm business?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Yes. Paul, this is Patrik. Well, Europe, maybe I'll start there very quickly. As most of you know, it's locked
down basically as it relates to retail apart from the U.K. that opened up a few weeks ago, and we've seen
the business there rebound really well after the reopening. And we expect Europe to gradually open up in
this quarter. And it might be a little bouncy -- opening up, closing down. So we'll see how that plays out in
the back half of the year.

In terms of China, we're really excited about the progress we're making there in terms of our digital
space, in terms of our e-comm and the opening up of additional doors this year. We're doing that in a
careful manner, making sure that we're prioritizing profitability, of course. But we've seen the traffic
rebound, especially in the outlet business.

But I would say that China is a more promotional market now than it was before COVID hit. So we're
watching that and just trying to understand when the new normal, so to speak, will be there. But from a
traffic perspective, traffic has been stronger in outlets than in full price and continues to be strong online.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

And we're going to continue to build out stores in China in this year and accelerating from last year, of
course. But we're looking for quality, again, over quantity there.

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

And Brian, on LatAm, it's really continued focus on profitability and continuing some of the potential
distributor model shifts to continue to improve both predictability and profitability while building the brand.
So that's kind of our continued drive in LatAm.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Brian Nagel with Oppenheimer.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Congrats on nice results. My first question, just with regard to the sales trend, and particularly, the
significant improvement with sales we saw here in the Q1. So I'll kind of merge 2 points together. But
Patrik, you mentioned the product launches. Is there a way to -- actually, my question was, is there a way
to break out to help us understand to what extent these new products, whether they be in run or other
categories are helping to drive the sales? And then second, I recognize there's a lot of moving parts here.
But is there any way that you look at your business, say on stimulus, the government-provided stimulus
help you drive sales?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Brian, I think the way to think about what we're seeing with the brand right now is I would use the word
holistic. And the reason I'm doing that is because the growth that we see in the brand really is global. It
really is across categories, it's across gender, and it's really happening in both apparel and footwear.

In the U.S., I would say that it's hard to understand exactly how much of that is driven by the stimulus
or not. But certainly, some of it is. But also, at the same time, I would say traffic is still down, right, in
retail. So yes, there is certainly some stimulus going on. But we've also been very good at converting a
lot better, both in our e-commerce business as well as our retail business. And we're seeing the consumer
convert into higher-priced product as we're being less promotional.

So I think, holistically, we're doing a better job executing across our categories, across gender, across our
innovation, across our go-to-market, across the globe. And that's really what's going on at this point.

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

And I think, Brian, also, I think it's important to note that just, in general, the fitness and wellness sector
is doing very well, continues to be pretty strong amid COVID and strong consumer behaviors, workout
tendencies, et cetera. So obviously, that's a benefit as well.

Brian William Nagel
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Great. And then if I could -- just one follow-up to those points. But again, sales clearly much better here
than Q1. As you look at the landscape, hopefully heading towards post-COVID world, do you think --
should there be bigger market share opportunities for Under Armour? Meaning, are you seeing signs of
competitive fallout that could lend a better market share as we pull out of the crisis?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

I think to Dave's earlier point, Brian, the sector we're in right now, athletic performance, wellness, health,
is going to, we believe, continue to be a growth sector. And I don't think that you've fully seen any
dramatic fallout in our sector yet because it is buoyant.

So I think it's going to come down to being, in our case, very consumer-centric, understanding the
expectation from the consumer, understanding the consumer journey, delivering against their expectation
with great product, great marketing to make them better, which is why we're here.

And that way, we'll stay competitive and we'll get better every time because our go-to-market is
engineered that way. It's engineered for us to continue to get better and to make our focus -- perform in
consumer better. And as long as we're focused on that, we're going to be okay.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of John Kernan with Cowen.

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Dave, I wanted to go back to gross margin. Obviously, a lot of upside in Q1. You took the guidance up
for the year. In Q2, there's obviously a decline, and it looks like fairly flat in the back half of the year.
How much has the increase in freight and some of the other areas of inflation, like commodity inflation,
affected your gross margin outlook for the back half of the year?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean it's definitely been a factor, and one that we've been discussing a lot lately, John. I mean,
obviously, globally, there is a lot of pressure just on logistics, on container availability, port delays, things
like that. And I believe our supply chain has done a remarkable job navigating that to date, but it is
challenging.

And so we do have some of that pressure built into this updated forecast. I wouldn't say that it is a
massive factor, but it is big enough that we wanted to call it out and that we actually did adjust our
forecast to make sure that we're covering for it.

The good thing is that the improvements that we've been seeing versus our expectations in our
pricing ability, including the lower promotions, markdowns, off-price, and then also, inventory reserve
assumptions relative to the health of our inventory, those improvements are actually outweighing the new,
tougher news relative to freight and logistical challenges.

So net-net, that's why you're seeing a little bit of the higher outlook that we're giving for the full year on
gross margin than our prior call. So we're monitoring it. Our supply chain is on it, and we're navigating it
fairly well at this point.

John David Kernan
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

That's helpful. And then maybe on the revenue side. Versus the 2019 pre-COVID base, how do we think
about how you're planning the back half of the year? It looks like overall up low single digits or so. I'm
just curious, what are the macro assumptions embedded in that? You came into the year taking a fairly
conservative view of the overall macro environment. You then came in and there was a fair amount of
upside to your Q1 outlook. I'm just curious how you're thinking about the back half of the year from a
bigger picture perspective, both in North America and international?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I think, again, it really gets back to a lot of positives relative to the momentum of the business,
improved Q4 orders coming in. So a lot of favorable developments. But we've got to just continue to think
about the fact that there are a fair amount of those back half headwinds as well, which are not as related

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

to health of the business. So the sale of MyFitnessPal, that was 85% to 90% of our Connected Fitness
segment. So that's a pretty big impact for back half of the year.

Big demand constraint work we've been talking about, exiting undifferentiated retail, which doesn't really
come into play until back half of this year. The LatAm business model changes have more of a back half
impact, and then the sport mask business as well.

So those are definitely some pretty decent-sized headwinds. Relative to 2019, I think, again, the biggest
call out is just overall health of the business mix of accounts. And we're excited about continuing to kind of
drive that forward.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats again on the nice quarter. So Patrik, you cited accelerated marketing as a potential opportunity
to drive greater brand awareness. So if we took a step back, where is overall brand awareness today? And
where do you see the lowest hanging fruit as we think about marketing, maybe as we think about men's,
women's or apparel versus footwear?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

To think about our marketing journey, if you like, in terms of inside of our go-to-market, that really began
last year with The Only Way is Through early in the year that we then had to switch to Through This
Together in March when everything went digital. But the advantage of that was we learned a lot.

And with our new tools and our modeling capability that we have, we were able to actually use the time,
especially in the digital space, to really learn what works for Under Armour in terms of how to think about
resonating with the consumer to make them better.

So as Dave and I saw the numbers improve here this year, now it's much easier for us to make the
decision to invest back into the brand because we understand what buttons to push, and we understand
what kind of returns we should be expecting. And it is really around building brand top of funnel now for
us in the back half of the year, more so than we thought we would be able to do coming into the year.

So it's just that understanding of what works for us as a brand and having the right asset base to be able
to activate against in the right space to really connect with the consumer and raise the engagement level,
both from an awareness and consideration perspective. So very excited that we're able to do this, and it
should really set the stage for us also for '22.

Matthew Robert Boss
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then maybe, Patrik, as we think post pandemic, how do you think the athletic industry exits
this crisis? And what do you see as a reasonable annual revenue growth rate for Under Armour? I think in
the past, you talked about mid to high single digits. Is that still the best way to think about Under Armour
on an annual growth rate?

And then with that, lastly, David, is SG&A up slightly? So is that now -- with the pieces that we have, is
that the best way to think about SG&A dollar growth multiyear? Again, only given the pieces that we have
today, is that the best way to think about it?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

I'll kick it off, Matt. And I think when we see what's going on right now in the marketplace, we're being a
little bit cautious, of course, in terms of what the future holds post pandemic as it relates to the consumer.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

We're still busy working and making sure that we're building our foundation as strong as it possibly can be
here in '21 and going into '22. We're in the long game here for us, and the long game for us is internal. So
we're going to continue to make the right decisions to make our foundation stronger.

And make no mistake, Under Armour is returning to growth. We're a growth brand. We have a growth
mindset. I think the difference now, it's a holistic growth mindset across top line, bottom line, spend,
everywhere. So for us, we're going to be very excited to, at some future date, have all of you come to our
Investor Day, and we'll be able to lay out the future for all of you.

Dave, do you want to add a little bit?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Matt, I completely understand the interest in discussing longer-term revenue growth rates, but we're
just not in a spot where we want to talk about that yet. We continue to drive forward, and we're really,
really excited about this foundation that we've laid and as we're driving through 2021.

And relative to SG&A and going forward, due to all the work that we've done, yes, we will be able to
leverage SG&A more as we go into '22 and beyond and continue to work that SG&A revenue percentage
down as we go forward over the next couple of years. Relative to what growth rate that relates to, we'll
probably discuss that a little bit more at a future date when we're ready to discuss more about the
revenue growth as well.

Operator

Your next question is from the line of Sam Poser with Williams Trading.

Samuel Marc Poser
Williams Trading, LLC, Research Division

A couple of it was, on your increased marketing spend, I mean, we've seen this from lots of other
companies when they start investing more into their direct-to-consumer marketing, you see sort of a
faster response to the sales increases. So the question is, how much of your revised sales plan is reflective
of your increased direct-to-consumer marketing?

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Sam, this is Patrik. That's a great question. And just to clarify, the marketing spend that we're now driving
in the back half that predominantly is going top of funnel versus down funnel in performance marketing
where you would see most of the quick return, so to speak. So we're really balancing and making sure
that we're driving towards a more balanced funnel, something that we've been wanting to do for quite
some time. And we've been somewhat hindered by because we've had also a lot of commitments in the
past to -- tied to long-term contracts and other things that hasn't really permitted us to go up funnel and
drive brand marketing. And that's what we're able to do now.

So hence my commentary a little bit around how we're now investing for the future, and really, a lot of
that top of funnel marketing is really to set the stage for '22 and beyond. It doesn't mean we're not going
to spend down in the funnel. We have already planned that to support the revenue that we now have
guided to. So this is really about additional brand marketing that we're talking about.

And Dave, I don't know if you want to add something to that?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes, Sam, I think just to take that a step further, the majority of the -- or the largest piece of our increase
in our revenue outlook is driven from the wholesale side. And to Patrik's point, the revenue that we
are seeing is incremental versus our last call. There's not much of that is directly tied to the increased

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

marketing. So it is much more of the opportunity for longer-term investment in the brand. And so we'll
see more benefits from '22 and '23 relative to these investments.

Samuel Marc Poser
Williams Trading, LLC, Research Division

Let me just follow up. I mean, your direct-to-consumer business has been -- was very good, both in
your stores and on your digital business. So -- and that digital -- incremental digital marketing isn't as
expensive as doing sort of bigger picture things. So are you increasing your digital and consumer -- direct
consumer-facing marketing in the back half? Is that part of the increase? Even though I understand it's a
larger picture stuff.

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director

Yes, it is. It is, Sam. That was my commentary earlier against what we have been able to learn through
a lot of the new capabilities, tools and other things that we put in play that we were able to actually
accelerate in 2020 due to the pandemic. A lot of that spend that now is going into the back half of the year
isn't digital. Even though it's top of funnel, it's actually digital top of funnel, and that is absolutely what's
going on.

Operator

Your final question is from the line of Jay Sole with UBS.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

My question is just about the normal inventory reserve requirements that you normally take that you sort
of maybe did not take this quarter and the pricing gains that you had. How did the reserve requirements
in this quarter and the pricing that you got compared to what you would expect to see in a normal quarter
in terms of did you -- it was better, but I mean it's sort of been planned to be better, but there was upside.
Can you just give us an idea of how those 2 factors really impacted gross margin?

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean I think that the best way to look at it would be that it wasn't exactly the driving factor for
year-over-year. Again, year-over-year, we've talked about the 370 basis points. But as far as versus our
actual expectations, it is definitely a factor. We obviously have moved through inventory very, very well.
We set ourselves up well in the back half of last year for tighter supply chain management.

But then coming into this year, with the incremental drive-through in Q1, and then also with the updated
forecast, we are running even healthier inventory than we originally thought. And the mix of that
inventory is healthy as well, not just the level of the inventory. And so when you add those things together
and our ability to sell through more at full price, it does have an impact and your required reserves are
lower than anticipated. We haven't broken out the exact basis point of that difference versus our prior
outlook, but it is meaningful enough that we wanted to call it out.

Jay Daniel Sole
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Understood. If I can ask one more. Just on the balance sheet, there's a lot of cash in the balance sheet
right now, much more than there would be at the end of a normal Q1. The new guidance suggests you'll
generate a decent amount of free cash flow this year.

What's the plan for how the balance sheet might change over the course of the year? And is that taken
into account? Obviously, it's not in the guidance, right? But I mean, just maybe give us a nice sense of
how the balance sheet might change.

David E. Bergman

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Chief Financial Officer

Yes. I mean, right now, again, we are very focused on continued working capital improvements, CapEx
prioritization. And all of that work has been going very well, and you see that coming through the numbers
and you see that in the updated forecast. So yes, we do intend to be able to drive continued free cash flow
this year. And we will be at a pretty high cash balance as we drive through the remaining quarters of this
year.

Right now, we are happy with being very, very liquid and very nimble as well. And we mentioned on the
last call that would we consider something like maybe debt buyback or something along those lines? We
are considering it. But at this point in time, we feel really good about where we are, and we're continuing
to be nimble and drive forward. So more of that in the future. We're continuing to work on that, but we
feel good with where we are.

Operator

There are no further questions. This concludes the Under Armour First Quarter Earnings Webcast and
Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Lance Allega
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Development

Thank you.

David E. Bergman
Chief Financial Officer

Thank you.

Patrik Frisk
CEO, President & Executive Director
Thank you.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

UNDER ARMOUR, INC. FQ1 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 04, 2021

Copyright © 2021 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2021 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

