United Parcel Service, Inc. NYSE:UPS
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, April 28, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.23

1.15

(6.50 %)

1.38

6.29

7.42

Revenue  (mm)

17169.41

18035.00

5.04

16154.79

70903.23

75484.98

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-28-2020 12:45 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.93

2.06

2.11

1.23

1.96

2.07

2.11

1.15

1.55 %

0.49 %

0.00 %

(6.50 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

George A. Willis
Senior VP & President of U.S.
Operations

Juan R. Perez
Senior VP and Chief Information &
Engineering Officer

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

Nando Cesarone
Senior VP & President of UPS
International

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Scott A. Price
Senior VP and Chief Strategy &
Transformation Officer

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

ANALYSTS

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

David Griffith Ross
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to say good morning to you. And my name is Steven, and I will be your
conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the UPS Investor Relations
First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]

It is now my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Scott Childress, Investor Relations Officer. Sir,
the floor is yours.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Good morning, and welcome to the UPS First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Joining me today are David
Abney, our CEO; Brian Newman, our CFO; Kate Gutmann, our Chief Sales and Solutions Officer; along
with International President, Nando Cesarone; President of U.S. Operations, George Willis; our Chief
Information and Engineering Officer, Juan Perez; and Scott Price, our Chief Strategy and Transformation
Officer.

Before we begin, I want to remind you that some of the comments we'll make today are forward-looking
statements within the federal securities laws and address our expectation for the future performance
or operating results of our company. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which
are described in detail in our 2019 Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. These reports, when filed, are available on the UPS Investor Relations website and from the
SEC.

During the quarter, GAAP results included a pretax charge of $45 million or $0.04 per share on an after-
tax basis. The charge resulted primarily from transformation-related activities. In the prior year period,
adjusted results excluded a pretax charge from transformation cost of $123 million or $0.11 per share on
an after-tax basis. Unless stated otherwise, our comments will refer to adjusted results.

The webcast of today's call, along with the reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, are available
on the UPS Investor Relations website. Webcast users can submit live questions during the call. We will
attempt to answer questions of a long-term strategic nature. [Operator Instructions]

Thank you. And now I'll turn the call over to David.

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I would first like to thank UPSers worldwide for going above
and beyond during the coronavirus pandemic. Since this crisis began, we have been operating as a critical
infrastructure business, leveraging the strength of our global network to keep supply chains moving
around the world. People are counting on UPS more than ever before, and I am proud of the heroic actions
of our employees throughout this pandemic. This crisis touches all parts of our business, and we have
been methodical in our response. Our actions prioritize safety, focus on our customers, ensure our liquidity
and position UPS for additional opportunities as conditions improve.

Regarding safety, we have adjusted our health and safety protocols throughout our company with
increased social distancing, which includes waiving customer signature requirements where possible;
more personal protective equipment, or PPE, for our people; frequent cleaning of our facilities and
equipment; and teleworking for our employees where feasible. Those are just some of the safeguards
we've implemented to protect our people and customers, and we will continue to adjust as conditions
change.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

I also want to recognize the extraordinary efforts of health care professionals and everyone on the front
lines in the communities where we live and work. On behalf of UPS, we are grateful for their efforts and
sacrifices.

UPS is one of the few companies with the logistics expertise and global infrastructure to keep critical
health care and other supply chains moving. We've embraced our leadership role supporting FEMA with
Project Airbridge and other health care-related missions by managing charter flights to deliver millions
of pounds of PPE and test kits from around the world into dedicated UPS distribution space outside
Worldport. From there, we're providing overnight delivery to locations throughout the U.S.

UPS is also assisting other federal and state government agencies, and supporting customers like 3M,
Qiagen, Henry Schein, McKesson and SanMar, as they quickly adapt their supply chains to manufacture
and distribute PPE and other supplies. Many companies are coming together with ingenuity and speed
to solve the most urgent and complex health care challenges of this crisis. For example, we have
the distinction of partnering with GM and Ventec Life Systems to provide transportation and logistics
services for their advanced technology ventilators, now being produced in GM's retooled manufacturing
facilities. And I'll add that we're doing all of this while U.S. domestic is delivering industry-leading on-time
performance.

As China began to recover in March, our Asia outbound business accelerated, both air freight and small
package, including the health care, high-tech and e-commerce sectors. We quickly added capacity to keep
critical supply chains moving and commerce flowing, and outbound demand from Asia has continued.
What's more, as part of FEMA's Project Airbridge and other health care-related missions, we increased the
number of flights by over 200 to transport critical life-saving cargo to the U.S. and Europe.

Countless companies are relying on UPS to help keep their businesses running and to support their
coronavirus response efforts. One fine example is the e-commerce support we're providing to Target.
When the coronavirus pandemic forced millions of Americans to stay at home, communities across the
country turned to Target, and Target turned to UPS. Consumer e-commerce demand for essential and
necessary goods surged, and UPS has been there, with excellent on-time delivery.

Several years ago, we identified health care and e-commerce as 2 of our strategic growth imperatives, and
we've been investing in innovative solutions to enhance our capabilities. In health care, we're expanding
UPS Premier, our next-generation on-package, sensor and visibility technology for critical health care
shipments. And starting in May, in cooperation with the FAA, UPS Flight Forward, our drone subsidiary, will
deliver prescriptions from a CVS store in The Villages, which is the largest U.S. retirement community and
is located in Florida.

With our new health care unit, we are well positioned to continue to assist our customers as more
countries move into recovery and demand for health care supplies evolves. And in e-commerce, our
digital access program for SMBs, one of our strategic imperatives, greatly increases their e-commerce
market reach. And we continue to deploy UPSNav, the latest enhancement to our proprietary ORION
navigation software. UPSNav further supports our drivers with the increase in residential volume. These
solutions, and many more, will enable us to build upon our existing customer relationships and foster new
opportunities with others during these challenging times.

In fact, UPS is poised and ready to help all customers, large and small, resume business as markets
reopen. In late January, we provided our 2020 guidance, which did not include any impacts from
coronavirus. It was early then and no one could have foreseen the significant impact it would have on our
customers and the global economy. In fact, over my 46-year career at UPS, I have never seen the level of
demand variability in the markets we serve and among our customers that we are now experiencing.

Throughout the quarter, we adjusted our network and controlled costs, but we were not able to fully offset
the unprecedented and swift changes in market demand and mix. Business closures and stay-at-home
restrictions disproportionately affected SMBs, and we are seeing a dramatic shift in consumer shopping
behavior. By late March, residential deliveries approached nearly 70% of our volume and drove increased
delivery cost, a trend we're seeing continue in April. Brian will add more detail on this in a moment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Most economists are currently predicting a recession, but there is broad disagreement on the length
and shape of the recovery. The main economic indicators, U.S. industrial production, U.S. retail, global
industrial production and global exports are all forecasted to decline significantly. Due to the uncertainties
ahead, we are unable to predict the business impact of the pandemic or reasonably estimate our financial
performance in future quarters. As a result, we are withdrawing 2020 guidance.

Importantly, UPS generated good cash flow in the first quarter, and our liquidity remains strong. We
continue to make prudent financial decisions and have additional options available to ensure ample
liquidity. In addition, our dividend remains a high priority and is a hallmark of our financial strength. We
are confident our actions will continue to enable us to fund the business and support shareowner interest.

As a result of changing business conditions, we analyzed our 2020 CapEx projects and have reprioritized
our spending to those key investments necessary to support transformation. We're reducing CapEx by $1
billion. This decision was governed by 2 priorities. First, we will continue to make investments that best
position the company to seize future opportunities as conditions improve. And second, we are prioritizing
investments in spending that yield the greatest long-term benefits to the company.

For example, we remain on track to speed up the U.S. ground network and expand weekend operations.
These efforts will bolster our competitive position and help all customers meet the demand for faster
delivery. Also, we will continue expanding our integrated network by adding about 5 million square feet
of automated capacity this year. More automation reduces our costs, enhances our network flexibility and
enables the creation of innovative solutions for our customers.

Before I turn it over to Brian, I want to congratulate Carol Tomé on being named UPS' 12th CEO. Carol
has great knowledge of UPS, from serving on our Board for 17 years, and she has a proven track record of
leading a global organization through volatile economic cycles. She brings a best understanding of retail,
e-commerce, strategy and the extensive financial background to the company. Carol is the right person to
guide UPS at this time in our history.

She officially takes over on June 1, but the transition is well underway. We've been working closely on
all aspects of our business, including UPS' response to the coronavirus pandemic. Carol's unbridled
enthusiasm and passion comes through naturally in our daily interactions. She has hit the ground running,
and I have great confidence in her ability to lead our company into the future.

And now Brian will take you through the details for the quarter.

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Good morning, everyone. During the quarter, UPS saw unprecedented and rapid change in customer and
volume fundamentals. As a result, we faced a challenging and uncertain environment. I'll begin today by
describing the factors that contributed to our results, then cover the strength of our liquidity and wrap up
by sharing the trends we see in our business.

Let me start with how the quarter unfolded. First, as David mentioned, leading economic indicators
have turned negative. Historically, the small package industry was highly correlated with GDP, but with
2 important variations. The small package industry typically grows faster than GDP over the long run,
especially in a strong e-commerce environment. And second, during a recession, demand volatility is
elevated.

During the quarter, our business rapidly changed due to the coronavirus pandemic and declines in global
economic activity. Let me begin with Asia. China average daily volume was down 16% in January and
February on a local day basis, and then partially rebounded in March, growing 23%. Europe followed a
different pattern, with January and February average daily volume growth slightly positive, and then down
mid to high single digits in March.

Declines in economic activity trailed the spread of the coronavirus as it emerged in new locations, and
then surfaced in the U.S. The virus spread quickly, making it difficult for our customers to know how to
respond or make adjustments to their businesses. UPS' global networks and solutions enabled flexibility

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

and support to our customers. However, we experienced an overall decline in commercial packages of
around 2% for the quarter. But in March, the decline was actually 8.9%.

It's also important to recognize that businesses were affected differently throughout the quarter.
For example, many small and medium-sized businesses with limited alternatives were more likely to
temporarily halt their operations or move exclusively online. Consequently, U.S. SMB volume growth was
flat, a reversal of a positive multi-quarter trend. The impact across sectors was also somewhat unique.
Consumer shopping migrated online, triggering a surge in volume growth led by multiple large UPS
customers. Internationally, we saw e-commerce volume growth of almost 12%, and domestically, e-
commerce grew 19% for the quarter.

Health care was another sector with accelerated volume growth, where in the U.S., it increased 8.9%
with significant contributions from personal protective equipment, testing and lab supplies, items that are
critically needed to curtail the virus and protect health care providers and the general public.

So what did all this mean to UPS? While UPS generated more than $18 billion in revenue and about
$1 billion in net income during the quarter, we were down nearly 17% or $200 million in the quarter.
This was driven by 3 after-tax items: the impact of the coronavirus was a drag of about $140 million;
second, casualty self-insurance accruals were higher than anticipated by about $110 million, which we are
addressing with targeted safety training designed for prevention, continued implementation of incident
avoidance technology, and finally, data analytics to enhance proactive driver coaching; and then finally,
the impact of one additional operating day this quarter is a tailwind of approximately $50 million.

We are confident, however, that we can take advantage of the opportunities in front of us, and that we'll
be well prepared for the recovery when it comes, regardless of its shape.

Now let me make a few comments about the segments. U.S. Domestic delivered strong volume and
revenue with average daily volume up 8.5% across all products, though volume growth softened as we
move toward the end of the quarter. Our automated hubs performed well. However, these benefits were
not enough to offset the rapidly changing and significant customer and product mix headwinds we faced.

Specifically, commercial deliveries turned negative, ending 5 consecutive quarters of growth. B2C volumes
spiked early in the period to high teens, which drove an increase in overall miles driven of nearly 10% and
about a 15% increase in total average daily stops. By the end of the quarter, B2C approached 70% of our
volume, and average package weight decreased by about 1/3 of a pound.

The U.S. generated $401 million in operating profit, which was $293 million below last year. Profitability
was primarily affected by the coronavirus with an impact of around $100 million, higher-than-anticipated
casualty self-insurance accruals of about $130 million and the pension discount rate of $62 million.

Turning to the International segment. International executed well through various peaks and valleys as the
coronavirus pandemic spread across the world. Business closures and stay-at-home restrictions led to a
decline in commercial volume and downward pressure on volume growth. We had slightly positive average
daily volume growth in January and February. But as I previously mentioned, volume declines came in
March with the month finishing down 6.5%, mainly driven by Europe.

We took advantage of certain growth opportunities and leveraged the flexibility of the network to manage
costs to help offset the significant change in mix. We reduced block hours by nearly 6%, well below our
export volume decline. And overall, international cost per piece was lower by 0.5% primarily from the
impact from currency.

One of the bright spots in the quarter occurred in mid-March, as China began its recovery. March export
volume from Asia was up around 15% on a local day basis. We quickly added capacity to support pent-
up demand out of Asia from a variety of sectors, including health care, high-tech and e-commerce.
International generated $558 million in operating profit. And even with the headwinds, operating margin
was 16.5%, which includes an impact of around $70 million from the coronavirus.

Now let's review the Supply Chain and Freight segment. Despite the difficult macro environment, revenue
for the segment was down less than 1%. The segment faced coronavirus challenges, as mentioned earlier.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

However, we saw some positives as the quarter progressed. International air freight tonnage rebounded
in March and was up more than 15% primarily on Asia outbound lanes as the China recovery took hold.
Logistics grew operating profit, led by U.S. health care and Marken, and Marken had a strong quarter of
double-digit revenue and operating profit growth.

On the downside, U.S. road freight softened during the quarter, pushing profit results within Coyote and
UPS Freight lower on a year-over-year basis by around $50 million. Additionally, ocean freight, North
American air freight and brokerage were lower during the quarter. Total operating profit was $158 million.
Overall impact from the coronavirus was a drag of around $10 million, and tough year-over-year comps
were headwinds to profit growth.

Moving to liquidity. We have a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation, and capital
management and dividends remain a high priority. We're starting from a position of strength. Cash from
operations was about $2.6 billion, and adjusted free cash flow for the period was $1.6 billion, consistent
with our first quarter average over the last 3 years. To date, we strengthened our liquidity with a debt
issuance of $3.5 billion in March, which more than satisfies our debt obligations for 2020. We are taking a
strict approach to working capital and cost controls across the company.

Working capital improved by around $80 million on a year-over-year basis. We actively engage with
policymakers on stimulus packages to help support small businesses, consumers and corporate cash
positions. And finally, we expect to lower our use of cash in 2020 by nearly $1.8 billion by suspending
share buybacks and reducing CapEx. Our CapEx reduction will not impact our automation targets. About
50% of the $1 billion in CapEx reduction is from adjusting buildings and facilities projects and the other
half comes from re-phasing vehicle purchases, and we are finding that some projects are coming in at a
lower cost.

We want to thank the U.S. Congress for providing the CARES Act to help companies across the country.
We have elected not to participate in the program as we are confident in our ability to manage UPS'
liquidity through this cycle. We will, however, continue to monitor business conditions and make additional
adjustments as needed, including further potential reductions in CapEx or operating expenses.

Our ongoing transformation is extremely important right now as we manage through the current crisis
and to further position UPS as global conditions improve in the future. In fact, in the first half of the year,
we will add approximately 80,000 pieces per hour of new automated sort capacity to the U.S. domestic
network, increasing efficiency and agility within our network.

Let's turn to what we're seeing now. We view the current global situation as having 3 distinct stages: pre-
coronavirus pandemic, stay-at-home restrictions and then a recovery phase. The U.S. began the stay-
at-home stage in March and it has continued into the second quarter. At this time, we are not able to
determine the duration or depth of this stage or the resulting recession. We will leave those debates to the
economists, and instead, we'll focus on keeping our employees safe, serving our customers and ensuring
ample liquidity for our shareholders.

What I can tell you is that our business was performing well coming into the year in the pre-coronavirus
stage. And as I shared, we encountered rapidly changing and significant mix headwinds as we entered the
stay-at-home period.

Because averages can be misleading during these times, let me provide you with some of the trends we
are seeing. Asia appears to be stabilizing with strong outbound demand. Europe remains in transition and
is weak economically, especially on the industrial side. And in the first half of April, international average
daily volume is down about 8%.

In the U.S., at the end of March, B2C made up around 70% of our weekly volume, and that trend has
extended into April. Health care continues to be a positive with growth in commercial and residential
deliveries. No industry verticals had positive commercial growth in March, except for health care, and
these trends have continued into April. So far in April, U.S. average daily volume has grown mid-single
digits, driven by ground, residential and SurePost, and air shipments are up about 1%. Importantly,
commercial ground volume is down significantly from last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Productivity and service levels remain high, and delivery stops and miles driven continue to be elevated,
putting pressure on our delivery density. I know that it's difficult to see all the moving pieces from outside
the company, so I hope this provides a helpful glimpse inside. We know we'll move into a recovery phase,
we just don't know when. So we can't provide guidance for the remainder of the year at this time. But as
we move forward, we will continue to prioritize investment and operational decisions that put us in the
best competitive and financial position for the recovery.

It is also likely that future consumer and business behavior may change as a result of this crisis, and
UPS' transformation initiatives will help bridge us to new market realities by delivering more automation,
increased network flexibility and new technology-enabled solutions that position us well for the future.
Thank you.
And operator, please open the lines.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

Our first question will come from the line of Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Kenneth Scott Hoexter
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

David or Brian, can you talk a bit about perhaps the domestic at 3.5% margin, despite the network
transformation? If residential is at 70% of volumes, but only for March, and if we now see stay-at-home
lasting maybe April, May, do you expect an additional pressure on those margins? Are you seeing any
benefit from increased density in the residential deliveries?

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Sure. Ken, it's Brian. Thanks for the question. So from a domestic margin perspective, as you mentioned,
3.5%, there were 3 items that weighed on the margin in the U.S. in the quarter. The coronavirus, as
I mentioned, was about 100 basis points. We had auto liability impact of about 130 basis points. And
then the extra day was actually positive, Ken, by about $50 million. So the one other piece that I didn't
mention was the SMB initiatives that we previously invested, that was about an 80-point impact, and
we're continuing, Ken, to make those investments through the quarter.

George, maybe I'll toss it over to you for a little color on the U.S. business.

George A. Willis
Senior VP & President of U.S. Operations

Thanks, Brian. And Ken, thanks for the question. And before I answer, I'd like to -- first of all, I would like
to thank all the UPSers for their heroic efforts and their leadership through this crisis. And as we look into
the U.S., despite the headwinds, we were able to continue to drive efficiency gains in our operations.

Brian just spoke to the $100 million impact on corona, $130 million for insurance and $62 million for pre-
pension. Despite strong volume and revenue results, investment and efficiency gains, we were not able
to offset the impact of the coronavirus and some other headwinds. Our operating leverage was down
for the first quarter since first quarter 2019, but it was driven by elevated miles, which was about 10%,
and daily stops, which was down -- up about 15%, as a result of the elevated B2C. The rapid changes in
customer and product mix in the quarter, those were mostly closed businesses. So we did make progress
in our transformation initiatives. We generated exceptionally high service levels. As David said, we led the
industry. And we helped our customers adapt their supply chain.

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

All right. Thanks, George. And this is a good question, and I want to spend just a little more time on it.
And I think it just absolutely verifies the importance of transformation and what we've been doing, what
we have in place and what we will be doing. Scott, do you want to add just a little more color to that?

Scott A. Price
Senior VP and Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer

Thanks, David. So I think it's important to understand in the quarter that we are continuing to shift
resources to the future of UPS, which is faster and nimbler. We have continued to target high-quality
growth opportunities, improving our operating leverage with efficiency initiatives disguised by some of
the issues that Brian raised, with the focus upon long-term earning power of the company. Because of the
work that we've already done in transformation, we believe that we are better prepared to weather the
crisis. And as we continue to implement and invest in projects this year, we think that we will continue to
see very, very solid numerous benefits in the future as well.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

We're going to take an online question here. This question comes from multiple analysts. Jordan Alliger
is over at Goldman Sachs, and Chris Wetherbee over at Citi. Do you think the COVID-19 pandemic will
change the long-term dynamics of small, medium businesses and part of the UPS strategy?

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

Great question. This is David. And prior to the coronavirus, SMBs were and are a strategic comparative
for UPS. And recent events will certainly speed up our SMB strategy. And we're prioritizing our strategies
and investments to take advantage of these opportunities as market conditions improve in order to get the
greatest long-term benefit. And we're seeing unprecedented and swift changes in market demand, so are
our SMB customers at the same time. And more and more, they're seeing the value of our network. Many
of these SMBs, especially those that have had the temporary close, are actively seeking other avenues and
other platforms to conduct their business and to reach new markets.

And Kate, why don't you share a few stories on what we're doing in this regard with SMBs?

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

Yes, absolutely. Thank you. So as David said, SMBs are our priority, and they are really -- our solutions
are resonating with the SMBs as we all find ourselves in these unprecedented times. From a demand
generation connection, we've got our digital access program. So as some of the demand shifts away from
the store onto further online, we actually are seamlessly integrated into where SMBs sell through this
program, Stamps.com, Shopify, Amazon Marketplace, and we see vast opportunity in front of us as well,
so ensuring they still have mechanisms to reach their consumers.

Likewise, at this time, they need fulfillment assistance, and we're seeing our e-fulfillment and where-to-go
solutions really resonating to help them to keep up with the demand on the fulfill side of the house. And
then, of course, that critical time in transit piece so that they reach their customers in a timely manner.
We're speeding time in transit, as we've said, to over 80% of consumers in the market and through the
weekend. This is really helping the SMBs through this difficult time to take advantage of online business.

And of course, while the pandemic is upon us, SMBs did face a disproportionate headwind with the
shutting of their businesses with stay-at-home restrictions. But UPS is here to help them as they recover
when the markets open.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

We're going to take our next online question. This question comes from Dave Ross over at Stifel. What are
you seeing in terms of capacity and demand out of Asia and Europe?

Nando Cesarone
Senior VP & President of UPS International

I'll take that. Thank you, David. It's Nando. Just -- I'll start with Asia. And really, what we saw was our
average daily volume for the quarter was down 2%, but we saw a bounce back in March to offset early
softness. And we still see strong demand today.

In the quarter, we were successful at using our broad portfolio of freight, cargo, small package to better
utilize our aircraft and serve our customers. We created capacity by reallocating aircraft from other
parts of the world to where the demand was and currently is. And we created capacity with purchase
transportation where it made sense. We did these things to be where our customers needed us to be, and
we did it with industry-leading margins. And we are certainly seizing the opportunity that is in front of us
right now in Asia.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

A little bit of a different story in Europe. We see Europe is still in recovery. So still very hard to predict
demand at this point and capacity demand. And -- but I can assure you that the team in Europe is
positioned for whatever comes next.

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

This is a great example of the need to show agility in a changing work environment. And this is a very
dynamic environment. And many of us, when we were kids, played musical chairs. Well, in this case,
we had to musical airplanes. And we're having to move these aircraft spur of the moment, very quickly,
making these decisions. And just absolutely proud of the way that we've been able to do that, but it's not
stopping for a while. It's going to continue to be that way, and we just have to be responsive for the needs
of our customers, and we will continue to do so.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of David Vernon of Bernstein.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

So Brian, when you call out the added cost for coronavirus and self-insurance, is that -- are those
costs that should start to come out as we move through the rest of the year? Or are those going to be
recurring? And then, I guess, a broader question kind of strategically for the company would be that even
if you were to back out some of those costs, the decrementals here on the e-commerce-driven growth
are pretty negative. Is there a point where you really feel like you need to have to change the way you're
pricing that business to offset that decremental margin in case this mix shift does kind of stay with us for
a while? I guess I'm just -- I'm surprised that the lack of operating leverage even ex some of those costs?

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

So David, just in terms of the cost, your first part of the question, the impact of the coronavirus was
felt in 2 ways. One was from a reduction in the SMB business and the shift to B2C that came through in
customer and product mix, which was worth about 120 basis points in terms of the U.S. RPP. We also
incurred some costs associated with PPE and other associated OpEx expense, safety equipment for our
folks as well. In terms of continuation, look, we're going to do whatever it takes to keep our employees
safe. And we've been preparing for some time for the shift to e-commerce. We'll monitor that as it comes
and adapt accordingly. Thanks, Dave.

David Scott Vernon
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

And the second part of the question on changing your approach to pricing, some of the residential?

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

All right. David, we're trying to get to as many questions as possible, and that question is going to come
up. We've got an e-mail question that's very similar to that, so we'll get to that in just a moment. But
thank you.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

We're going to take an online question real quick from Fadi Chamoun over at BMO. Would you consider
scaling back the dividend, if necessary?

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

So look, from a dividend perspective, Scott, the dividend remains very important to our investors. We're
aware of that. UPS has good liquidity, and we do not expect to impact the dividend. We review it quarterly
with our Board. The first priority in our business is to reinvest in the business. We have a very strong
ROIC, and there continue to be a number of levers that we can pull to further strengthen our liquidity. So
hopefully, that answers the question.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Jordan Alliger.

Jordan Robert Alliger
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Yes. You spoke a little bit about the transformation program, I think, remaining on track. I'm just sort of
curious, can you give more color around the facilities you planned on opening this year, pulling forward
some of the costs for the weekend delivery? And then once we get out from the other side of this, do you
expect the leverage to get you back on track from a margin standpoint? I know in terms of what you were
thinking about in 2022, both from a margin recovery standpoint and additional EPS standpoint, I know
there's a lot of moving parts, but any color around that would be helpful.

Juan R. Perez
Senior VP and Chief Information & Engineering Officer

Yes. Absolutely, Jordan. Thank you for the question. I'll start first with the facility investments that we're
making this year. As Brian noted in his opening comments, we will continue to make investments in
building capacity across the network. We still are on plan to be able to process 85% of the eligible volume
in automated facilities in 2020, which is a significant milestone for us. We're not changing the view that
by 2022, 100% of our eligible volume will be flowing through automation. That will provide significant
benefits to our UPS.

This year, as it relates to capacity, we will continue to build capacity. We plan on having roughly 350,000
packages per hour of new or retrofit automated capacity in our network. That's going to prove very
useful during peak season. Again, all that capacity will be available before peak. The majority of it will be
done by the third quarter, giving us an opportunity to optimize the utilization of that capacity. And then
we are still making improvements in the way that we run volume in our existing facilities through the
implementation of new technologies.

This year, we're still on path to implement more autonomous guided vehicles in our facilities to be able to
automate the movement of irregular large-sized packages. And we're also in the process of implementing
more automated small sorts across the network. Scott?

Scott A. Price
Senior VP and Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer

In addition to investing in cost, we also invest in new solutions that will continue to help us drive higher-
quality revenue. A few examples, Kate mentioned reduced transit time, making us very competitive with
SMBs. 7-day week operations as we continue to expand our Saturday and Sunday. The UPS Flight Forward
and an announcement made yesterday in terms of expanding that, and CVS. But as Kate mentioned,
the UPS digital access program, it's powerful for SMBs. It will drive that higher-quality revenue. And
importantly, it cements UPS' position as truly the long-term e-commerce provider of choice.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

We're going to take a live question. This question comes from Rick Paterson over at Loop Capital. In
January, you reported that Amazon accounted for about 11.6% of your total revenue. What is Amazon's
percentage of total sales over -- in the first quarter?

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Okay. Thanks, and this is David. And we review Amazon's percent of our global revenue on an annual
basis. And so we announced in January the 11.6%. What I can tell you is that their percent in the first
quarter of 2020 has really been consistent with their run rate from the start of the next day structural shift
that we announced in the second quarter of last year. So that trend, second, third and fourth quarter of
last year, has been very consistent going into the first quarter of this year.

I also would like to say that the growth of e-commerce, whether it's Amazon or other large customers,
does make it pretty difficult for any of them to completely in-source all their transportation needs, and it
does show the value of existing partners. And we believe that we justified that value on a daily basis.

So thank you, and we'll go to the next question.

Operator

Tom Wadewitz, UBS.

Thomas Richard Wadewitz
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

David, congratulations on the retirement. And I know you've driven probably a lot more change in UPS
than we would see from the outside. So congratulations on all the things you've done over time as the
leader of UPS.

Wanted to -- I apologize for kind of a near-term question, Brian. But I'm just having difficulty with
visibility here. Do you think that, given the big changes end of the quarter, that things are meaningfully
tougher from a domestic perspective in second quarter? Or are there -- is there room for some adjustment
and that would improve over some seasonality? I'm just wondering on kind of operating income in
domestic, second versus first, or margin or any framework you'd care to provide.

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

I'll start that. And then, Brian, if there is anything that you want to jump in, then you can certainly do
so. What we have seen in the first quarter -- at the end of the first quarter has been pretty consistent
with what we've seen in April. And -- but we can't tell you what we think that's going to be the rest of the
-- even the rest of the quarter or certainly the rest of the year. What we've seen in March and April is a
reflection of this closure condition that we're in. At some point in time, we're going to see that bounce
back. We just don't know when, and we don't know how far it's going to bounce back. But as businesses
start to open, then you're going to see more B2B increase. And as far as B2C, don't know that we ever get
back to the -- what we'd call the old normal, but we're not ready to declare what we see today as a new
normal either. So that's really about as much color we can put on it. I wish the heck we knew more, and I
wish we could predict what's going to happen. We just have to deal with where we are today, and then we
will adjust accordingly.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Our next question, we're going to take an online question from Scott Schneeberger over at Oppenheimer.
What steps have UPS taken to balance volume and price in the current environment?

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

Great. Scott, so I wanted to start with, of course, our continuous position that we ensure that we get
proper returns for the value we create for our customers. Through this unprecedented time, we saw
significant changes in characteristics, which I'll get to. But we also implemented surcharges on our
international worldwide products from China and Hong Kong origins. We are also, in the U.S., addressing
characteristic and pricing changes on a customer-by-customer basis. So when you look at base pricing
outside of the characteristic change, we're still within our range of 2% to 3%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

And I do want to zoom in a little bit more on those characteristics changes. The drop in weight with
essentials and necessary goods really largely purchased online as well as the largest central shippers with
that demand coming their way.

And then as David mentioned, the stay-at-home restrictions and the shutdown of the commercial
businesses would actually impact largely that B2B and B2C mix with 19% growth in B2C and negative 2%
in B2B. So those all impacting the view. But the pricing that I noted continues through the period as well
as into the future.

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

So price is going to be dynamic, just like everything else. And what the world projected to go into a
recession and with a lot of the indicators that we follow forecasted to go down. We just have to be very
careful and watch what we're doing here. And as the demand indicates, and as our -- we continue to prove
our value. Obviously, our goal is to maximize our pricing, at the same time, keeping our network utilized.

So more to come on that, but we're very attuned to it. And we will make adjustments accordingly.

Operator

We have a question from the line of Chris Wetherbee of Citi.

Christian F. Wetherbee
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Maybe thinking a little bit about some of the longer-term transformation targets. It would seem that a
result of what we're seeing now would be an acceleration of e-commerce growth and sort of a build within
your mix towards B2C versus B2B or acceleration of that. How do you think that impacts your ability to
hit some of the longer-term transformation targets? And are there things that you're going to need to do,
either from a CapEx perspective or an OpEx perspective, to be able to sort of adapt to that? Because it
seems like it's happening maybe quicker than we would have expected pre-coronavirus.

Scott A. Price
Senior VP and Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer

Yes. We -- Scott here. Thanks for the question, Chris. So we continue to reaffirm our transformation
target. Importantly, I think that transformation, as I mentioned earlier, has set us up for success. We do
believe that our previous estimates of acceleration of e-commerce will probably increase as we think over
the next 5-year period of time. Therefore, the investments we're making in automation, the investments
we're making in efficiency, we believe will help us deliver those long-term transformational targets.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

We're going to take an online question from Todd Fowler over at KeyBanc. Discuss what you're seeing
in the secular shifts around COVID-19 and how UPS will position itself to the response of these shifted
coming out in the recovery side?

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

Okay. This is David again. And first, I can tell you that going through this pandemic, our highest priority
has certainly been the health and safety of our people and our customers and the communities that we
deal in. So we adopted a lot of new health protocols and procedures in place to make sure that we have
done the right things there. And then, of course, it really is focusing on what are the opportunities that
we believe that are happening here and these shifts that are taking place and has really opened this up in
2 immediate opportunities that also happened to be our strategic imperatives, and it has ramped up our
initiatives in these areas.

So Kate, do you want to talk about that a little bit?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

Yes, absolutely. I'll start with health care. We have noted previously that health care is one of our strategic
growth imperatives. We, last year, set up the health care division, inclusive of our acquisition of Marken.
And we are really involved in the recovery for our customers, the communities at large through this time.
So we also saw high growth in health care, pre-corona period as well, and do expect that to continue. But
we're engaged in -- with companies like Owens & Minor, CVS and Medtronic and Henry Schein, and really
helping them as they participate in this recovery. David noted earlier the involvement in FEMA, both with
the transportation from Asia to the U.S., but also in the fulfillment services and the dedicated space that
UPS has. Within health care, we have 8.1 million square feet dedicated, and that's really resonating.

And then the other one I would hit on is the strategic growth imperatives of the SMBs, and that's just
that critical area of our business, both now and in the future. I took you through our solutions that are
resonating, helping them to grab the online opportunity through this time and in the future and giving
them faster time in transit, more seamless integration to platforms as we help them to make the most of
this situation.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of Scott Group with Wolfe Research.

Scott H. Group
Wolfe Research, LLC

So I just want to follow up. I think I heard mid-single-digit volume growth in the U.S. in April. Can you
share what the B2B and B2C trends are and maybe any color on like number of stops that you're seeing?
And then, I know most of the focus has been on domestic, but any thoughts on international and how you
think mix is trending and how margins typically hold up in a recession here?

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

So Scott, thanks. This is Kate. I would say that what we saw as the stay-at-home restriction started at
the end of March have continued into April. And so we saw the double-digit growth of B2C, the negative
growth on B2B as companies were closed, and that continues. So we all saw the air softening, both from
the COVID impact and then also from the wrap that we noted in Q2 of last year with the structural change
in the market. So we are seeing a continuation of that end of March period. In April, that's largely the U.S.
comment, but Nando, I'll pass it for international.

Nando Cesarone
Senior VP & President of UPS International

Yes, sure. So we're seeing similar dynamics on the residential side, but not as pronounced, of course,
as the U.S. business. We do have a selective e-commerce strategy that is really focused on cross-border
products and making sure that we're being compensated for the service we're providing. And in turn, the
margins, as you saw with all the changes in the quarter, still maintained a pretty decent level. We think
that the investments that we made in our European network, the efficiency gains from that, but also the
deployment of our 747-8s, really have created a lot of great unmatched capabilities and play well into our
e-commerce cross-border strategy. Thanks for the question.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

We're going to take an online question. This question comes from multiple analysts, including Fadi
Chamoun of BMO. President Trump has suggested that USPS should raise rates 4 to 5x as part of the
broader postal reform. What are the implications for UPS?

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Yes. This is David again. And obviously, we can't make any comments on our competitors' rates. But as we
stated before, we do support a healthy and a viable USPS. And we have a unique relationship with them.
We're a customer of theirs, they're a customer of ours, we also compete. And where we are concerned
though is their use of funding from declining monopoly products subsidizing competitive products. And we
were certainly in agreement with most all of the President's postal task force recommendations. They were
aligned with many of our priorities. And we think if many of them had been implemented, that there may
be a different situation today regarding the postal service than what exists.

We do support the President's view that stimulus grants do not solve the underlying issues at the USPS,
at the post office. And we think that any government financial support must be accompanied by important
business model and cost accounting reform. We don't believe the role of government is to pick winners
and losers. And when you look at the $10 billion of funding in stimulus 3, you look at the $75 billion that's
being asked for in the next stimulus package. If that was left unfettered, it would create a very unlevel
playing field. So we're very supportive of the postal task force recommendations and do believe that there
needs to be a focus on reform at the same time.

Operator

We have a question from the line of Scott Schneeberger.

Scott Andrew Schneeberger
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Could you please discuss volumes, and particularly pricing, you've encountered on international export
parcels? And what is the fluctuating level of commercial airlines flying cargo in the belly space over the
past few months due to the coronavirus impact?

Nando Cesarone
Senior VP & President of UPS International

Yes. Just -- I'll start off. It's Nando. Thanks. Just talk about belly capacity for a second. We know it's
limited right now, and for a period of time into the future, the industry is down around 80% at this point in
time and approximately 70,000 daily tons. So quite a bit of capacity that's been taken out of the market.
Not sure how long the condition will last, but certainly, a recovery will most likely happen when businesses
-- business travel and tourist travel begin again into the future. And that's really the big question mark.
For now, we have added aircraft, we have added flights where we see, and if it's appropriate in terms of
profitability, we will purchase transportation. But we are dealing with that capacity that's not available as it
was in the past and allowing us to make sure we run our network as efficiently as possible.

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

I'll just add on the pricing side of it. The market rate in China and the Asian origins have gone up as well
as we've implemented surcharges during this period to address that as well.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Our next question is a live question from -- or an online question from Brian Ossenbeck over at JPMorgan.
What other measures to preserve cash or capital are under consideration and available to UPS?

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thanks very much for the question. It's Brian. Look, we feel good about our liquidity today. In terms of
preservation of capital, the priority is to stay liquid, reinvest in the business and fund the dividend. We
have taken, as mentioned, and continue to evaluate several actions to ensure our liquidity. We recently
did a $3.5 billion debt issuance, which satisfied our upcoming refinancing needs. We suspended the share
buybacks for the rest of the year, which gave us a use of funds reduction of about $800 million.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Working capital is a focal point for our teams, so we saw good results in Q1. And then finally, CP and
international markets remain open and attractive. So UPS finally has good access to financial revolvers in
the event of any unforeseen risks. So I feel good about our liquidity, and I feel like we're taking the right
measures in terms of preservation of capital. Thanks, Scott.

Operator

Our next question will come from the line of David Ross.

David Griffith Ross
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just a question on the cost side of things. The self-insurance accrual headwind of $130 million was
significant and so if you could just talk a little bit more about that. Kind of surprised because the weather
was milder this winter. Does that form some nuclear verdicts? And does that drive a change in either your
insurance policy or self-retention levels? And then also, I saw repairs and maintenance is up 30% year-
over-year. Any comments on that?

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

Thanks for the question. It's Brian. So in terms of the casualty, auto liability, severity really was the driver
of that. We are implementing corrective actions to address. In the short term, I would say that the trends
would probably continue over the next couple of quarters. Specifically, what are we doing? Targeting
safety training, installing accident avoidance technology, leveraging data analytics, all of these things are
sort of proven to address the auto liability risk. But net-net, once we implement those 3 initiatives, we'd
expect to see significant improvements over time.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

We're going to take an online question. This comes from Allison over at Wells Fargo. As the wave of the
virus moved globally, any lessons learned that you've been able to apply and adjust that help you in a
positive way?

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

Yes, and I talked about it a little earlier. The first is you've got to take care of your people and make sure
not only that you're doing the right things, but that you're communicating and making sure people realize
that part of being a critical infrastructure business is we were able to operate. And we have learned a lot
from that. And then second, this is such a changing environment. And one thing that we have learned
from Asia and are learning in Europe and obviously in the United States is that the needs of our customers
change and change quickly.

And if you're going to be a player, that you have to be able to change with them. So we've had to be
very dynamic in our approach and listen. And Kate and her group have spent more time talking to our
customers and finding out just exactly what their changing needs are. And it can be from 1 week to the
next, and so we've had to adjust to that.

Another one that's been very interesting that applies throughout is that a lot of governments, with the
best of intentions, have been changing a lot of the rules and regulations. And we have learned that, first,
you talk to them about the effects of those rules and regulations and try to get them to say sometimes
that there's a full side of the story that needs to be considered. But then, second, as you adjust and you
collaborate, then you comply. And if you do that, and we've had 113 years of changing rules, maybe
not to the speed that we're seeing now, and we have learned that you adjust to those quickly. And then
sometimes you have to make up for it through extra people and other times you move your assets
around, but just got to be very attentive to what's going on and then very responsive at the same time.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

So there are challenges, there's no doubt about it, but there are opportunities. But those opportunities
only come to the people that are going to be assertive and are going to read these things quickly and
then respond. So that pace of change that we've been talking about since we've been undergoing
transformation has never been any more true than what it is right now. So thank you for that question.

Operator

We have a question from the line of Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.

Amit Singh Mehrotra
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

So I think it would just be helpful to get a sense of how you think about the structural margin profile of
the domestic business over the long term. I'm not talking about, obviously, this year or next year, but
really 4 or 5 years from now. What do you think is an achievable domestic margin? And what needs to
happen between now and then for you to be able to achieve that? And obviously, that question is in the
context of seemingly accelerating B2C volume mix, but then also overlaid with some successes you've had
bending the cost curve really in the back half of last year from a cost per piece perspective. So if you can
just talk about kind of the 4, 5 year, what's achievable from a domestic margin perspective?

Brian Newman
Senior VP, CFO & Treasurer

So why don't I take the outlook portion, and then I'll kick it to Kate for a little color. Look, we withdrew our
guidance this morning. So I don't think it's appropriate to be talking about looking down 3 or 4 years in
terms of what the margins will do. We'll come back to you with that when the timing is right. But Kate, do
you want to give some color?

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

Yes, absolutely. So our pricing strategy overall, of course, is to match the pricing with the value that
we deliver for our customers. Now what you're seeing, and we are all seeing in this time, is big shifts
with characteristics. So addressing those. When I say characteristics, weight, when people are buying
essentials, they come out as [ eaches ]. So single, you see a big weight drop, and ensuring that we
continue to help customers with heavyweight solutions, density solutions. You've heard us about -- talk
about synthetic density. That's a part of the pricing structure and strategy because the more you can get
people to match up at our expansive access point network, then it's a commercial delivery, lower cost,
lower price for them. So we maintain our focus on revenue quality through the future. And then also have
learned quite a bit, of course, with the characteristic swings that we see currently.

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

So the key to margins and whether it's 5 months, 5 years or 50 years down the road, right, it's going
to be the value that you provide to your customers and the services that we offer and how we price
those. And then it's going to be on looking at our cost structure, and that's one of the big things that
transformation has focused on, and it will continue.

And Scott, do you want to just talk a little bit more about the -- a little bit longer term, what we're
focusing on from a transformation standpoint?

Scott A. Price
Senior VP and Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer

Yes. Thanks, David. So the transformation program is multiyear. And as I mentioned before, it's focused
on how we enable and invest in higher revenue business, but also how we protect margin through
reductions in costs. So one covered the reduction in costs that we're making through automation and
technology. We also continue to invest in a more efficient business overall. Our cost per piece in the long
term, we see as an opportunity to continue to invest to reduce. We have continued to invest over these

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

periods of times, and our competitiveness, both in terms of revenue and cost, and we'll continue to do that
with the expectation that a net total shareholder value will increase.

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

We're going to take an online question. This comes from Jordan Alliger over at Goldman Sachs. Do you
expect to see more growth potential from e-commerce, post the pandemic, due to the consumers moving
more to online orders?

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

Thanks, Jordan. So I would say that, yes, we expected to see more online orders regardless, even prior to
the pandemic. Just as more and more consumers are shifting online as well as then sellers have migrated
and are connected to different platforms and the like for ease to reach their consumers. And then, of
course, with the pandemic, there are various reports out there saying that online purchasing will be
migrating in advance of 4 to 5 years depending on which report you go to. So we do see an increase
there, and we're well positioned through our solutions such as digital access platform.

And Scott, you want to expound on that?

Scott A. Price
Senior VP and Chief Strategy & Transformation Officer

Yes. So I think what's important is that we have tracked over the last several years a number of market
dynamics. But I think substantially, the brick-and-mortar world has had a reset. What that reset will mean
into the long term is not yet clear until we emerge into recovery. But I think that there is now a behavior
that is baked, and we continue to assess now what our estimates are going to be: one, the penetration of
retail in terms of digital platforms, and then what volume that creates for UPS.

Operator

We have a question from the line of Jack Atkins.

Jack Lawrence Atkins
Stephens Inc., Research Division

So I guess this is directed towards Kate. Could you talk for a moment about how you see supply chains
perhaps structurally changing as we sort of emerge from the coronavirus pandemic, especially on the
heels of the trade war? Do you think we could see more near-shoring activity moving forward, maybe
more -- the demand for more safety stock and more inventory? I'm just curious how UPS is being
positioned for what could be some larger structural changes here?

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

Yes. Absolutely. Thanks so much, Jack, for the question. We do see shifts, and even prior to with the
different tariff discussions that were going on in the world, our customer more than ever were reaching
out to us. And we were doing solutions redesigns globally for them to help them evaluate how they would
be more protected by having production in different parts of the world. So I think that continues. It only
magnifies with any situation like a pandemic.

What we bring to them is, first of all, our solutions approach, having engineering and design time when
they may not have resources available. But then our network supports our portfolio that helps them right
from origin throughout the globe, although forwarding moves, whether ocean or air. And then fulfillment
has really taken off. I think the answer is clearly yes, through this pandemic, especially with small and
medium-sized businesses that didn't have fulfillment options and did need to pivot. We've seen a really
big uptick there as well as the time in transit that we know is so critical, fastest in the world, fastest in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Europe, and then also with our enhanced time in transit in the U.S., all of those position us well for this
continued trend of looking at customer supply chain.

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

So we have this team of supply chain solutions experts that really focus on solutions. And we also have an
advanced technology group that is going to play an even greater role. And with the agility that's going to
be required, you see those 2 teams working together well, along with our engineers. And at the end of the
day, if we listen to our customers, if we will take a look at how we can make a difference and if we make
sure that we're looking further down the road than just immediate needs, then we can continue to add to
the value that we provide. Great question.

Operator

And we have a question from the line of Brandon Oglenski.

Brandon Robert Oglenski
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

So David, I just want to come back to the pricing discussion and especially with the comments you
guys made on your international selective e-commerce growth strategy where you do have higher
returns. What is different about the U.S. market? Because as we've seen B2C get bigger over the past
decade, which has been a pretty strong correlation with lower profitability, so is this something about the
competitive landscape, potentially with the post office or potentially Amazon in-sourcing more in the future
that has you a little bit more fearful? Or is it even potentially something with your Teamster cost structure
that just doesn't allow you to extract greater return on that B2C traffic?

Kathleen M. Gutmann
Chief Sales & Solutions Officer

Yes. So Brandon, this is Kate, I'll address that. For the U.S., specifically, with the pricing, I do want to
underscore 2.2% was the base pricing increase, and we are actually implementing pricing changes and
also solutions that will impact characteristics. But we're doing it customer by customer. If you think about
the U.S., SMBs are most impacted by this stay-at-home with businesses closing. And then we see the
large customers, who are actually gaining the demand for the essential products especially. And that's why
we've decided to selectively, through customer-by-customer pricing, increase that and then achieve that
2.2%. The characteristic change that's going on can mask that, and that's why I wanted to make sure I
clarify that for the U.S.

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

Right. And it's really a balance. You want to take advantage of the opportunities and you want to certainly
price for the value that you bring. At the same time, though, you have to look at utilization of the network.
And with these -- with this recession that's being predicted globally if -- and there's so many ifs out there
that we just don't know what's going to happen. But if demand drops and -- due to the recession, then we
have to make sure we respond accordingly there, too.

So it will be extremely hard. And it's why we withdrew guidance to give any kind of future prediction
on what we're going to do with pricing that's further out than where we are now. A lot of it's going to
depend on what we see unfold over the next few months, hopefully, but could go further than that. So
we'll have to just take a look and see. But appreciate the question and it's something we ask ourselves on
a regular basis. And Kate's referred to this range that we're talking about, the 2% to 3%. She's also made
it very clear that we never see that as a barrier, that the value that we provide gives us the opportunity, of
course, with the increase and operate above the range. That's for sure.

Operator

That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn the program back over to Mr. Childress. Please go ahead, sir.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Scott Childress
VP & Investor Relations Officer

Thank you, Steven. And David, closing comments?

David P. Abney
Chairman & CEO

All right. And thanks, Scott, and certainly a dynamic environment. And somebody had asked me a couple
of years ago, if we'd be facing what we are today or if I would be facing on my last earnings call, talking
about withdrawing guidance and the uncertainty that we have seen, I just wouldn't have believed that. But
it is the world that we're in. UPS has responded well, not only to the needs of our customers but also to
governments around the world. And I'm really pleased with the response of UPSers.

I am truly grateful for the wonderful career that UPS has enabled me to have. And like many fellow
UPSers, past and present, I have gotten a chance to live the American Dream through the opportunities
of this great, great company. And throughout my journey, from a part-time package handler in Mississippi
years ago to becoming CEO, it's just been a real privilege to have worked alongside you for those 46
years. And to our customers, investors and friends, I truly value the relationships that I've made over
the years, many of which have turned into long-lasting friendships. And I've never counted the number
of earnings calls, I know some do, but -- that I've participated on as COO or CEO. But what's most
important, it's been an honor to speak with and hear from all of you over the years.
Carol will lead the next earnings call. I am absolutely confident you will be in great hands with her. And I
just want to thank everyone for joining us today and urge you to stay safe and stay healthy, and that's the
end of our call. Thank you.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

UNITED PARCEL SERVICE, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

23

