Unum Group NYSE:UNM
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, October 28, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.30

1.21

(6.92 %)

1.28

5.06

5.27

Revenue  (mm)

2997.85

2991.90

(0.20 %)

2989.05

12015.05

12102.31

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-28-2020 9:30 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.39

1.38

1.21

1.30

1.41

1.35

1.23

1.21

1.44 %

(2.17 %)

1.65 %

(6.92 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Peadar G. O'Donnell
Executive Vice President of Unum
International

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Thomas A. H. White
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits
& President of Colonial Life

ANALYSTS

Andrew Scott Kligerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Unum Group Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is
recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tom White. Please go ahead, sir.

Thomas A. H. White
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the third quarter 2020 earnings conference
call for Unum. Our remarks today will include forward-looking statements, which are statements that are
not of current or historical fact. As a result, actual results might differ materially from results suggested
by these forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause results to differ
appears in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are also located in the sections
titled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our annual report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and our subsequent Form 10-Q filings. Our
SEC filings can be found in the Investors section of our website at unum.com.

I remind you that the statements in today's conference call speak only as of the date they are made,
and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. And a
presentation of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations of any non-GAAP
financial measures included in today's presentation can be found in our statistical supplement, which is
also on our website in the Investors section.

Yesterday afternoon, Unum reported third quarter 2020 net income of $231.1 million, or $1.13 per diluted
common share, compared to $242 million, or $1.16 per diluted common share, in the third quarter 2019.
Net income for the third quarter of 2020 included a net after-tax realized investment gain of $3.8 million
and after-tax costs related to an organizational design update of $18.6 million. Net income in the third
quarter of 2019 included a net after-tax realized investment loss of $20.8 million and after-tax debt
extinguishment costs of $19.9 million.

So excluding these items, after-tax adjusted operating income in the third quarter of 2020 was $245.9
million, or $1.21 per diluted common share, compared to $282.7 million, or $1.36 per diluted common
share, in the year ago quarter.

Participating in this morning's conference call are Unum's President and CEO, Rick McKenney; Chief
Financial Officer, Steve Zabel; and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Simonds; as well as Peadar O'Donnell,
who heads our Unum International business; and Tim Arnold, who heads our voluntary -- excuse me,
our Colonial Life and Voluntary Benefits businesses. So now I'll turn the call over to Rick for his opening
comments.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Tom, and good day, everyone. Our third quarter performance demonstrates a very good
operating performance by our Unum team. This is in the face of difficult business and economic conditions
that persist in our world and specifically in the employee benefits market. Overall, our financial results
were solid this quarter and largely consistent with the expectations we set back in July. In the previous
2 quarters, we outlined what we believe are the factors that will influence our business, and these have
evolved largely as expected, though impacts and recoveries are moving at different speeds.

This morning, we will outline the most influential factors while highlighting the key parts of our business
that continued to deliver excellent results in this stressed environment. So as a backdrop, I'd like to
outline the high-level business and economic conditions that persisted throughout the quarter and had
meaningful impact on our results.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

As we look at it, there are 3 major trends to follow: First and foremost, the health effects of COVID-19
remains significant with high mortality and high infection rates that impacted our benefits experience in
multiple ways. Second, the sharp spike in unemployment rates in the spring has abated somewhat, but
unemployment remains high relative to pre-COVID levels and continues to present a headwind to our
growth rates. Third, we are beginning to see parts of the economy reopen and individuals return to more
normal behavior and activities in their daily lives. This trend, when done in a responsible way, we think
is a positive. But it did produce more negative impacts on our results in the third quarter relative to the
second quarter.

It may take time, but the longer-term implications of a containment of the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to
a full reopening of the economy will be very beneficial for our business.

So when we take these 3 dynamics, health, unemployment and gradual reopening, I'd like to highlight the
important trends affecting our business in the current quarter. Sadly, high mortality rates continued into
the third quarter and impacted our life insurance businesses as well as seeing higher mortality within our
long-term care claimant population. Although these claims impact our results, it reaffirms exactly why we
are here, to take care of people at time of need.

Our average death claim is around $50,000, and this may be the only form of life insurance, these
individuals and their families have. We are also seeing infection rates negatively impact our short-term
disability and leave services businesses. These increases will follow the course of the pandemic and will
abate as infection rates slow.

Coming out of the March time frame, the shock of shutting down the economy froze new business trends
and disrupted our delivery models. We also saw high unemployment negating what we usually see as
growth in payrolls. As our delivery models adapt and employment conditions stabilize, our long-term
premium growth rates will return as the economy improves and more people get back to work.

Although we're happy to see it, the early phases of the reopening of the economy tend to produce more
short-term negative trends for us with higher dental utilization relative to the second quarter and a return
to more normal levels of non-COVID-related STD claims in concert with COVID-related claims remaining
elevated.

So this is a moment in time, and we look forward to seeing these influences moderating and settling back
down in future quarters. We remain very committed to our business model, and we expect to return to
more normal business and economic conditions while demonstrate to providing financial protections to the
workforce is good for employers and their employees.

As we head into the final months of 2020, there are clearly some positive trends that have continued
despite the challenges of this year. An example is that we continued to see strong performance from our
Unum U.S. long-term disability business. This is a testament to our disciplined approach over many years
to all facets of managing this business. Benefits experienced in the closed long-term care block remained
favorable, while the team continued to make progress on achieving rate increase approvals.

The investment portfolio continued to trend favorably and expectations around impairments and
downgrades have not materialized to the extent predicted. Our investment team has done a good job of
analyzing our credit portfolio at a granular level and has executed well in this environment.

And finally, our capital position remained with very good RBC at approximately 380% and holding
company cash at $1.2 billion at quarter-end, both nicely above our targeted levels. Despite the pandemic
and the challenges it presents in the day-to-day management of our operations, we continue to operate
the company with a focus on the future.

The $18.6 million of organizational design update costs we recorded this quarter was part of an ongoing
effort to continue to manage our operations with an eye towards the future. The savings generated allow
us to continue to reallocate dollars to invest in the growth areas of our business.

Importantly, we're seeing the payoffs with investments made to date with growing adoption of our digital
assets throughout the organization, which is leading to strengthened relationships with customers and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

their employees. A few examples of these returns on our investment include our HR Connect platform,
which digitally links our customers' HCM systems directly to Unum benefits. This allows for the automation
of activities such as enrollment, billing, leave management and evidence of insurability.

Additionally, we have made investments to improve the customer experience through web and mobile
claims submission tools and automated claimant communications. And one final example I mentioned is
the MyUnum platform that creates a simple and intuitive end-to-end self-service experience for clients to
administer their benefits and ultimately eases the administrative burden for HR managers.

These are just a few of the ways we are transforming our operations to better serve employers, their
employees and their families throughout these difficult times. It also positions us well for the future.

To wrap up, I want to express how proud I am of the hard work and dedication of our teams this year
through these difficult conditions. Our teams feel the challenge and uncertainty in their own lives, but
their efforts to support our customers and each other has been exceptional. We have remained true to
our purpose of helping people thrive throughout life's moments. And what we are witnessing today has
amplified the need for what we have always done.

And now I'll ask Steve to cover the details of the third quarter results. Steve?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. In discussing Unum's third quarter financial results
this morning, my remarks will focus more on analysis of our third quarter results relative to the second
quarter rather than the traditional year-over-year comparison. Our intent is to show how the company is
progressing through the pandemic and resulting recession and outline for you the impacts it has had on
our results.

As Tom outlined in his opening, after-tax adjusted operating income in the third quarter was $245.9
million, or $1.21 per common share. By comparison in the second quarter of this year, excluding the
lease impairment costs and net realized investment gain, after-tax adjusted operating income was $250.1
million or $1.23 per common share. The tax rate was impacted this quarter by an increase in the U.K.
corporate tax rate to 19% from 17%, adding $9.3 million in additional tax expense. So we believe a good
starting point for analyzing our results this quarter on a sequential basis is to look at before tax adjusted
operating income, which showed a slight increase to $318.5 million in the third quarter compared to
$316.5 million in the second quarter.

As I begin, let me remind you of the economic and business conditions that existed in the quarter and
outline the impacts that it had on our results. First, obviously, COVID-19 had a significant impact on the
external environment, driving a high-level mortality once again, plus a continued high level of infections.
Excess deaths in the U.S. from COVID totaled an estimated 80,000 in the third quarter.

The high mortality rate clearly impacted results in the Unum U.S. group life and Voluntary Benefits
businesses and Closed Block long-term care. In addition, the high rate of COVID infections that continued
through the third quarter resulted in elevated short-term disability claims and drove higher expenses in
the leave services business.

Second, employment conditions remain challenging. The unemployment rate is rebounding to 7.9% for
September compared to the peak level in April of 14.7%, but by comparison remains significantly higher
than 3.5% at September 30, 2019, and the strong monthly employment reports leading up to the spike in
April. High unemployment levels throughout the quarter negatively impacted premium growth in our U.S.
employee benefits business lines as it negated the benefit we usually experience from natural growth in
the in-force blocks.

At the same time, there has been a reopening of the economy with some people beginning to return
to more normal activity in their daily lives. We saw this with dental utilization that rebounded from the
low utilization rates of the second quarter, higher AD&D claim activity, which often mirrors property and
casualty claims, higher non-COVID STD claims as individuals begin to catch up on procedures postponed

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

in the spring and some normalization of LTC claim incidents, though those trends remain highly volatile
from month to month.

Finally, financial markets were generally stronger in the quarter. This is most impactful to Unum in the
credit markets where bond spreads continue to tighten on average, while U.S. Treasury rates increased
a few basis points. While this combination continues to create a challenge for achieving attractive new
money yields on investment opportunities, it is generally favorable for credit conditions and our outlook
going forward for potential credit impacts, that is, credit downgrades and impairments. In addition, income
from our alternative asset investment portfolio improved back to our historical expectations this quarter
after a significant negative mark in the second quarter.

Against this high-level backdrop, I'll focus on our reporting lines, beginning with Unum U.S. group
disability. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $73 million, down slightly from $76
million in the second quarter. Several factors impacted results on a sequential quarter basis: First, we
experienced pressure on STD claims from continued high COVID impacts, while non-COVID claims began
to return to normal levels. Second, pressure on expenses from a continued high level of leave volumes,
which increased over the second quarter and were approximately 50% above year-ago volumes. And
third, pressure on premium growth due to lower recent sales activity and our reversal of natural growth in
the in-force block due to the increase in unemployment.

These trends were partly offset by continued favorable results in the long-term disability block with
generally stable new claim incidents and continued strong claim recoveries as well as favorable net
investment income driven by a higher level of miscellaneous investment income. As Rick said, we continue
to be very pleased with the consistency of the results in LTD, as demonstrated by the group disability
benefit ratio of 74.1% this quarter, which is consistent with the ratio, a year ago, of 74.2%.

Adjusted operating income for Unum U.S. Group Life and AD&D remain depressed at $13.9 million for the
third quarter compared to $19.4 million in the second quarter. When we analyze these results, we believe
that the impacts from the group life mortality matched up very consistently with the mortality trends we
outlined for you in the second quarter. The big driver of the sequential quarter decline in income was due
to weaker performance in the AD&D line where we experienced higher claims. This is driven in part by
seasonal patterns, but also by reopening of the economy, which resulted in a higher rate of accidents.

Shifting back to the COVID impact on the Group Life business in the quarter, we experienced slightly
more than 900 excess life claims or about 12% higher-than-expected benchmarked against a base of
approximately 80,000 COVID-related deaths nationwide as reported by Johns Hopkins. This compares
to our second quarter reporting, which showed approximately 1,100 total excess deaths or about 14%
higher-than-expected relative to a reported base of 120,000 COVID-related deaths.

As we stated before, our rough estimate is that we expect to see approximately 1% at U.S. mortality by
count given our market share of life insurance in the country. While there continues to be a lot of volatility
in these trends, but all in all, we view these results to be largely in line with our expectations.

We believe our year-to-date experience in Group Life has correlated closely to national trends and
statistics, and over the year, the characteristics of our COVID claims has followed the evolution of the
virus' impact nationwide. We believe this close relationship to national trends will continue and suggest
you use that as a basis for your projections and estimates in future quarters. I'll add that so far in the
fourth quarter, these trends are matching our third quarter results with a slightly higher average claim
size, which is now in the low $50,000 range.

The Unum U.S. supplemental and voluntary lines experienced a more significant decline in the third
quarter from the very favorable second quarter with adjusted operating income of $101.3 million in the
third quarter compared to $136.5 million in the second quarter. The biggest driver we experienced was
the pickup in utilization in the dental and vision block from the unusually favorable trends in the second
quarter. In addition, we saw an elevation in average claim size as policyholders caught up on dental
services they put off in prior months. This resulted in a benefit ratio increasing to 76.8% from 36% in the
second quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Within the voluntary benefits line, we saw an uptick in the benefit ratio due to higher life claims in the
block, which we believe are largely driven by COVID. For the individual disability line, benefits experience
returned to a more normal level of both claim incidents and size of new claims. Beyond these benefit
trends, premium income in the supplemental voluntary lines declined 2.8% on a sequential quarter basis
due to lower new sales in recent quarters slightly lower persistency and the effects of weaker employment
trends on national growth.

Sales for Unum US declined 18.5% in the third quarter compared to the year-ago quarter. The group lines,
which are LTD, STD and Group Life combined increased by 1.5%, as we continue to see good traction from
our HR Connect platform that links customer HCM systems directly to Unum. As we expected and outlined
on previous calls, the supplemental line showed more pressure than the group line. Voluntary benefit sales
declined 35.8% year-over-year, but keep in mind that third quarter sales for this line largely reflect second
quarter enrollments, which were significantly disrupted by the pandemic and economic shutdown.

Dental and vision sales declined 33.1%, largely due to the disruption we are seeing in group sales activity
as in-force providers are offering discounts and other incentives in response to the unusually favorable
claim trends the industry experienced in the second quarter.

Moving to the Unum International segment. We are pleased to see improvement in adjusted operating
income to $21.4 million in the third quarter compared to $15.1 million in the second quarter. While
Unum Poland continues to be a strong performer overall, the bulk of the sequential quarter improvement
came from Unum UK, which produced adjusted operating income of GBP 15.2 million in the third quarter
compared to GBP 10.1 million in the second quarter. The benefit ratio for Unum UK improved sequentially
to 77.1% in the third quarter compared to 82.5% in the second quarter, driven by better performance
in the group disability line from improved incidents and in the Group Life line from improved mortality
experience that mirror the national experience in the U.K. Although we are encouraged by the third
quarter trend, the sustainability of this improvement in the fourth quarter is uncertain at this point given
the reemergence of COVID cases in the UK.

Colonial Life continued to report favorable results with adjusted operating income of $92.2 million in the
third quarter compared to $90.9 million in the second quarter and $87.2 million in the year-ago quarter.
Premium income for the third quarter declined 4.3% from the second quarter, driven by the decline in
sales this year and the negative impacts from individual lapses with in-force cases.

The benefit ratio was slightly elevated in the third quarter of 52.2% compared to 50.7% in the second
quarter, largely reflecting the continued higher life and STD claims related to COVID with less offset from
favorable accident and cancer lines. Net investment income also benefited this quarter from a higher
amount of miscellaneous investment income.

Sales for Colonial Life declined 27.6% year-over-year in the third quarter, an improvement over the
second quarter when sales showed a decline of 43% year-over-year. The sales environment remains
challenging, but we are encouraged by the adoption of the digital sales tools we have developed. While
our traditional agent-assisted sales remain pressured, we are seeing strong double-digit sales growth from
telephonic enrollment and a self-service platform. In addition, agent recruiting remained strong with an
8% increase year-over-year.

And then in the Closed Block segment, adjusted operating earnings increased to $70.8 million in the third
quarter compared to $36.7 million in the second quarter, largely driven by the continued favorable impact
on high claimant mortality on the LTC block and a return to more normal positive marks on the alternative
investment portfolio from the significant decline in value as of the end of the second quarter.

Keep in mind that the valuation of much of the alternative portfolio is reported on a one-quarter lag. The
positive mark on the alts was $11.3 million this quarter compared to a loss of $31.3 million in the second
quarter, which reflected the negative market conditions at the end of the first quarter. For the LTC block,
the interest adjusted loss ratio was 67.4% in the third quarter compared to 67% in the second quarter,
and over the past 4 quarters is now 75.6% compared to our long-term expected range of 85% to 90%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

High claimant mortality was a major factor again this quarter as mortality was approximately 15% higher
than expected. This impact was less than the second quarter, which was approximately 30% higher than
normal. Unlike the second quarter, we did see new claim incidents for LTC return to more normal levels.
However, the month-to-month trends remain highly volatile. Therefore, we increased IBNR reserves for
LTC again this quarter. At this point, we are not seeing anything in these claim trends that would change
our long-term assumptions.

For the Closed Disability Block, the interest adjusted loss ratio was 86.6% in the third quarter compared to
89.5% in the second quarter, with slight improvement in underlying claims experience.

Coming back to LTC, we are pleased to have another successful quarter of in-force premium rate increase
approvals, which gets us to $1 billion of the $1.4 billion of margin in our reserve assumptions.

So then wrapping up my commentary on the quarter's financial results, the adjusted operating loss in
the corporate segment was $77.4 million in the third quarter. Included in this are expenses related to the
organizational design update that Rick referenced in his comments of $23.3 million before taxes, or $18.6
million after taxes. Excluding these costs, the adjusted operating loss of $54.1 million was consistent with
our expectations and was largely driven by interest expense on our outstanding debt, which totaled $49
million in the third quarter.

With the maturity in September of a $400 million debt issue, our interest expense is expected to decline to
approximately $45 million in the fourth quarter, for the corporate segment in total, we continue to expect
quarterly losses in the mid-$50 million range.

I'd like to now turn to a discussion of the investment portfolio, which continues to show a strong recovery
from the first quarter given the recovery in the financial markets. A few points to highlight our first, net
after-tax realized investment losses from sales and credit losses totaled $7.3 million this quarter compared
to $7.7 million in the second quarter and $44.4 million in the first quarter. This is consistent with our
expectation that the majority of the impairments would be realized in the first quarter.

Second, the trend of downgrades of investment-grade securities to high yields continue to improve, and
our outlook for potential future downgrades has improved. In the third quarter, we saw a $141 million of
these downgrades compared to a $193 million for the second quarter and $336 million in the first quarter.
The impact to RBC this quarter was immaterial.

Third, the net unrealized gain position on the fixed maturity securities portfolio improved to just over $8
billion from $7.4 billion in the second quarter and $4.3 billion at the end of the first quarter.

And then finally, we continue to bring down our expectations for potential credit impairments and credit
downgrades given the performance of the portfolio, the past 2 quarters and our increasingly positive
outlook for credits. Our outlook for Fallen Angels for 2020 is now half of our original scenario. This gives us
further confidence in exceeding our capital targets at year-end 2020.

Then looking to our capital position, we finished the quarter in very good shape with the risk-based capital
ratio for our traditional U.S. insurance companies at approximately 380%, and holding company cash at
$1.2 billion, both comfortably above our targeted levels. Again, the cash balance at September 30 reflects
the $40 million debt maturity in September, and our next maturity is not until 2024.

I'll wrap up by reiterating the results we were seeing remain consistent with what we had anticipated. We
will likely continue to experience more volatility in our results as long as the pandemic persists but remain
encouraged by the overall profitability of the company and our financial position.

Now I'll turn the call back to Rick for his closing comments and look forward to your questions.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thank you, Steve, for that summary of our third quarter results. We continue to be pleased with
the operational performance of the company through what continues to be an extraordinary environment.
And we do believe we are well positioned to benefit from an improving economy and better business

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

conditions as society continues to reopen. And in the meantime, we'll continue to focus on a crisp
execution to manage through today's challenges.
The team is here to respond to your questions. So I'll ask the operator to begin the question-and-answer
session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first one today comes from Mr. Jimmy Bhullar from JPMorgan.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I had a question first just on the product persistency. It's declined very slightly, but the premiums declined
more. So I think you report case persistency. But if you could talk about what trends you're seeing in
terms of premium persistency. And it seems like that's weaker than case persistency. And if that is the
case, I'm just wondering why you wouldn't have seen more of an impact in the last quarter because
unemployment sort of peaked earlier, and it's a little bit of a delayed reaction that you're seeing on your
premiums.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Jimmy, I think you're right. I think we're very happy with the persistency overall and what we've
seen, but some of the dynamics you're talking about are right on. Mike, can you give some details around
that?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Sure, Rick. Thanks, Jimmy. You are right. That's probably the first metric that we go to is what that
persistency looks like and that is strong and incrementally improved a bit from the second quarter
and it ticked over 89% for the group insurance lines. And as we sort of sit here and deal with a pretty
challenging environment, I can also say that if you look at our renewal programs forward to the January 1
renewals, we're feeling pretty good and in line with expectations there, which I think is great and a really
important underlying signal.

To the question about how it flows through to premium. First question is our clients sticking with us, the
answer is yes. Second question is what's happening within those clients. And what we've seen is, while
we've got a really, I think, favorable mix by industry, the reality is that we are seeing the natural growth
impact of fewer new hires and fewer salary increases, which flow through typically as natural growth
on the group insurance lines. In the year-ago period, we would have seen in the high 2%, 3% range of
natural growth, that's approaching flat at this point. So favorable to what we're seeing in the broader
economy due to the mix, but certainly a pressure item for us when it comes to premium. And then the last
piece of the puzzle is new sales, which, as Rick and Steve went through. We're seeing good incremental
improvement as distribution figures out how to adapt to the new environment, but lower new sales in the
prior period is certainly a little bit of a drag on earned premium as well.

Jamminder Singh Bhullar
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then just another question on your U.K. business, I think you've had issues in terms of closing
claims and just delay in getting the information to close a claim. Because of the disruption related to
COVID. Given that the case count has gone off recently, is it fair to assume that, that actually gets more
severe in the near term and claims closings get more difficult, so -- which would have a negative impact
on your margins in the short term?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Peadar, can you take us through the U.K. dynamics?

Peadar G. O'Donnell

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Executive Vice President of Unum International

Yes. So thanks, Jimmy, for the question. So you're correct. In the second quarter, we saw severe
disruption to our health service and to employers as we basically went into the pandemic lockdown and
the whole health service was focused on dealing with COVID. Quarter 3 has been more benign, and I think
they've done a lot of planning now to think through how infection rates are going to grow through the
fourth quarter. The main thing in quarter 3, why we're not seeing sort of income protection come back, it'd
be more about people's behaviors, so they haven't been engaging in the health service. And obviously, the
furlough scheme is still running hard here. So getting employers interested in getting people back to work
has been a challenge.

I'd expect the trend that we saw in quarter 3 to continue. I don't think it will get worse even though
infection rates are increasing. I think the government is doing everything it can to balance the economy,
balance the health service. Based on what we're seeing today, I think they'll manage to work their way
through that. So the trend we've seen in Q3. I don't think it'll get better, but I think it will continue to sort
of trend along the Q3 as opposed to the Q2 trends. So that's our expectation.

Operator

We will now take our next question from Ryan Krueger from Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

In the past, you've talked about the possibility of doing something with the closed IDI block as you get
close to paying back the rest of the securitization debt. Can you just give us an update on how you're
thinking about that?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes, great. Yes, I would say there's not much news on that front. We continue to look at counterparties
in the market on that. And you mentioned we're getting close to paying off the nonrecourse bet on that.
And we really probably have 3 options. One, it's a block that generates distributable capital every year.
We've been using that to pay off the debt. When that debt is paid off, that will just be free and clear to the
holdco. So that would be one option. Second option is we could look at relevering it. I mean I think the
markets are -- would be pretty receptive an offering around that sort of risk. And then three would be a
more full-risk transfer transaction. So we'll continue to evaluate all 3 of those, but really nothing to report
at this time.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then on the LTC rate increases, I guess, how -- can you give a sense of how does the $1 billion
of what you've achieved so far compared to the -- to your assumption in your reserves or where you'd be
at this point?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I'll just kind of take us back to when we reset our reserve assumptions in 2018, we had $1.4
billion of premium value within those margins. About half of it was old program that we had on file with
the states already, about half of that was new. I'd say it was pretty well weighted to the group block, at
least the new program definitely.

Yes, we're very happy with where we are today, kind of getting close to ringing the bell on that $1 billion
of value. What I would say is, we're pretty much consistent with our expectations. The one area that we
feel like we may be a little bit ahead is going all the way back to our California approval. We were very
happy with the approval that we got there. But I would say all thing is on balance. We're still on track. We
still feel good about the $1.4 billion. We're still very happy about just the interaction with the regulators,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

the tone there and just the environment with the regulators through COVID, the activity has continued
with them. So procedurally, we still feel pretty good.

Operator

Our next question comes from Suneet Kamath from Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

I wanted to start with sales, Rick, at the outset you talked about your delivery models being impacted
in the quarter. I was wondering if you could just provide a little bit more color in terms of what's going
on. And sort of relatedly, how are you guys approaching 2021 open enrollment in a kind of virtual world?
I would imagine that would change the dynamic relative to what you've seen in a normal year. I'm just
trying to figure out what you guys are doing differently in order to make sure that you're getting in front
of the right employees as many as you can.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I appreciate the question, Suneet. I think my comments are very much about the shock that
happened to the system going back to the March time frame. When you think about the people that would
have been in the middle of thinking about their enrollment or even thinking about bringing on a new plan,
everything just froze. So that froze that system. And then when you think about even in our face-to-face
model that Colonial Life does such a good job at, obviously, that was impacted as well. But things are
moving along. And Mike, maybe we can give some commentary about what we're seeing out there on the
sales front and what gives us optimism for the future.

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Sure. Happy to. And if I just took a step back and looked across products and geographies, brands, I
would say, overall, actually, I'm pretty encouraged about sort of the continued and gradual improvement
of the underlying fundamentals around proposal activities, contact with producers. And we hit that trough,
as Rick was saying, at the end of first quarter and the first part of the second quarter, and then it's been
kind of working its way, that tough's working its way through the pipeline, and we're refilling it, albeit in a
challenging time.

I think we feel that most acutely in the small end of the market and in the voluntary as you were
raising when it comes to things like face-to-face enrollment. But I'd tell you, across, again, brands and
geographies, the distribution teams remain intact. Turnover is very good. This is a very engaged team.

I think that bodes very well for us as they continue to adapt -- as a broker and consultant partners
continue to adapt to the new reality. I think that does bode well, particularly in the context of we're
weathering quite a storm here with the pandemic, but it is clearly an indication that what we do, taking
care of people when they get sick or when they get hurt, has never been more important. And I think
that's a tailwind in terms of long-term demand.

But if I look at Unum US, specifically, the core and voluntary lines is where we felt the challenge most
acutely, and I am seeing a slow gradual incremental improvement month to month to month. I think it will
continue to take some time before we're fully recouped and adapted to new ways of doing business. The
large case market is -- has been less impacted. And we saw a nice lift here in third quarter, that will be
volatile as it has always been quarter-to-quarter as some quarters you're going to have a big transaction
and other, you're not. The only other level of detail I would provide is the dental insurance market, which
Steve alluded to in his opening comments.

But with the fall off in demand and a lot of practices closed in the second quarter, we did see a number
of large carriers in the dental space, extend rate guarantees in premium refunds at discounts. And that,
in effect, has kind of slowed the new business market for group dental insurance. But the longer-term, or
even the mid-term trend, I think, is positive. It will take some -- it'll take some time.
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

And again, I do feel like what we do is important, and it's never been more so, and that's how it's playing
out from Unum US point of view. And Tim, I don't know if you want to comment on Colonial Life?

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits & President of Colonial Life

Yes, sure, Mike. Thanks. So it is definitely a challenging environment and as Mike pointed out, especially
in the small case market and in situations where sales are performed on a face-to-face basis. So it is
challenging. We are encouraged by the incremental improvement we saw in the third quarter over the
second quarter. And there are a number of bright spots, and Steve pointed to some of those in his opening
comments. I'll just maybe walk you through a few others.

So as Steve pointed out, new agent recruitment is up 8.6% year-over-year. The number of sales
managers in our organization has grown by 8.4% year-over-year. When we do enrollments, we see
participation levels that are in line to slightly above last year. And when we look at our enrollments by type
on an account basis, the number of enrollments that we performed with agent assistance this year is down
26.5%. But in many ways, you would expect that to be worse, given that the economy, especially in the
second quarter, was largely closed.

We're very encouraged by the alternative forms of enrollment where we look capabilities over the last
few years. We're seeing great adoption. Telephonic enrollments were up 30% year-over-year. Self-serve
enrollments are up 25% year-over-year. A number of our agents who can conduct enrollments virtually
has grown by 243% year-over-year. So it's a challenging environment. We expect it's going to take some
time to dig out, but we believe we're extremely well positioned for the future as it relates to sales on the
VB business.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Got it. And then my second question just on long-term care. And I know it's a little early, but do you
see any -- I would like to get your initial thoughts if you see any lasting impacts from COVID. What I'm
thinking about there is maybe less of a willingness for people to go into long-term care facilities, or at the
facilities themselves, maybe fewer beds, which might make it more costly to run. I know it's very fluid, but
just would love to get your initial thoughts in terms of any kind of longer-term impacts from COVID.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Great. Good question. So I'd probably put it in the 3 buckets as far as the dynamics that we're seeing
just in behavior and also experience around our LTC block. Probably the simplest to describe is just the
higher claim of mortality. We definitely have seen that continued. I noted in my comments, it continued to
be higher than what our seasonal expectations would be for the third quarter. I would say it was not on a
relative basis as high as we saw in the second quarter. But that's something that we'll just track, and we'll
probably follow more just the health statistics that you see broadly.

The second would be incidents. As we noted in the second quarter, we had very low incidents, quite a bit
below our expectations. We've actually seen that come back to more normal trends in the third quarter.
And so we think we're probably back to somewhat of a norm there. And then I would go to just kind of
location of care and just movement between location of care. Normally, you'd see kind of a progression of
care that might go from the home to a facility over time.

What we saw in the second quarter was really the movement from home care to facility really slowed
down dramatically. And you saw a little bit of the movement from facility back to home care, which you
do see some. What we saw in the third quarter was more of just the location of care locked up across the
board a little bit more, where people weren't necessarily transitioning from home to facility or facility to
home care. It still occur, but not at the pace that we maybe we've seen in the past.

I would say with all that said, and if you go back through the 3 buckets and you think about longer-term
implications of that, clearly, mortality is mortality. We would not reset our thinking around longer-term

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

mortality trends based on kind of the acute experience that we've seen recently. But when it comes to
people's desire to go on claim and to go into a facility or have people in their home, that is something that
we'll definitely need to track to see if there's longer-term implications.

And then definitely, the movement, the normal progression of where people receive care, that is
something that we'll clearly track over time and see if those behaviors change over time. With all that
said, we're going into our reserve adequacy season here. We'll be completing that in the fourth quarter.
We would not look to change any of our longer-term trends for what we've seen over the last 2 quarters.
We'd want to see that over time, really understand the drivers of that before we make any long-term --
longer-term adjustments.

Operator

We will now take our next question from Tom Gallagher from Evercore.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a follow-up on that long-term care question. So if you continue to see this level of favorable
experience for long-term care, even if it is more short-term driven, not maybe willing to extrapolate
it from a longer-term reserving standpoint, but you still have a short-term earnings benefit here. I'm
just curious is this -- let's say, if this continues for the next several quarters to some degree, will this
potentially lower the annual contributions that Unum needs to make as part of the deal you made with
Maine for the ultimate $2.1 billion?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Yes. So probably the way I think about it, first of all, the experience will kind of change the inventory
of our block going into our year-end reserve adequacy work in the PDR. That might have very small
impacts, and that's just kind of the math. You'd run the math through the prescribed assumptions to
determine the PDR. So I'd say that's probably pretty immaterial. We have seen better statutory results in
the LTC block, and some of that is in Fairwind. So obviously, that will adjust our thinking on capital levels
that we'll need in Fairwind at year-end.

And so that would be a dynamic. But when it comes to how we think about capital contributions, at least
for now, we're still planning for the same kind of year-end full year capital contributions into the LTC book
that we've given guidance on before, which was about $600 million in total for the year. We put about
$270 million of that down into the subs already. So well within our capital plan going into the end of the
year. I mean I think it's probably a little premature to really materially change what that expectation
would be. But clearly, it does help to have lower statutory losses on that book.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

That's helpful. Can you give a sense for what kind of delta you've seen in Fairwind earnings? Is it similar
to the improvement that we've seen on a GAAP basis, which the last couple of quarters has probably been
cumulatively, I don't know, $80 million better? Is it -- would it be directionally similar to that in Fairwind or
different?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I mean, again, in general, I think we'll have fewer losses that we'll have to fund, but we'll have to just
see how the entire equation turns out for Fairwind before I want to talk about that. But the other thing is,
we do still need to go through and finalize our New York company asset adequacy testing. And with rates
where they are, now that might be a little challenging. So I really wouldn't want to adjust down what we
think our capital requirements are going to be right now. We need to get through those processes first.

Thomas George Gallagher

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Fair point. And just my follow-up is, I guess, heading into 2021, I heard the commentary you made on
unemployment impacts on top line. The -- I guess looking at your case persistency, it looks pretty solid,
but you're still seeing some pressure on top line. Is there a way to sensitize if those trends continue, what
you think this would mean for top line kind of broadly for Unum into 2021? I don't know if you're able to
sensitize that from a range.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes, Tom, I think we probably would refrain from doing that at the moment. As we get to the end of the
year, we'll have a much better sense on that. But those -- like we said, the underlying dynamics we've
seen, we will continue to see as we head into the fourth quarter. But we want to give you a good refresh
summary as we get towards the middle of December in terms of what 2021 will look like.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mark Hughes from Truist.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Can you talk about the elevated leave management expenses the last couple of quarters? Can you share
specifically or roughly what those were this quarter? And how do you think those will trend in 4Q?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Great. Thanks, Mark. Mike, you want to take us through the leave management business?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Sure. Mark, thanks for the question. It's a good one. And I'd start to your specific question, I mean, sizing
it, one way to think about it is the operating expense ratio that you see for the group disability segment
if you peel out services is largely flat year-over-year. So that growth in the expense ratio is really driven
by it. And we've called it leave, but it's actually leave plus the administrative services we provide to clients
when they self-insure their short-term disability plan. And the combination of the 2 is where we've seen
volumes jump up significantly in the second and third quarter.

And as we've sort of outlined at the outset of the call, the short-term disability is continued COVID-related
pressure on short-term disability, particularly acute in the larger end of the market, and the recovery
of the non-COVD. So as things like discretionary surgical procedures came back online as health care
providers figured out how to operate safely the combination of the 2 drove volume increases north of 50%
here in the third quarter.

Those don't play through as benefits in terms of claims paid. They play through as the expenses that we
need to handle. As I look forward, so one is, it is important that we are there for our clients, and that's
what we're doing through this period as we sort of look towards the reality of 2021, I can tell you, we are
looking at implementing increased fees to help us cover some of those expenses.

Importantly, we're also beginning to restructure the nature of the contracts on our services business
where we shift the balance towards volume-based contracts and away from flat price per covered
employee so that we can better account and align with fluctuations in volumes in the future.

And the last piece of the puzzle as we work through it over the coming quarters will be continuing to drive
efficiency. We like the business very much, and we're investing in technology that is already beginning to
bear fruit, and we expect a very sort of steady improvement in our unit costs and in the client experience
over the coming 4 to 6 quarters. And just to refresh, we only offered these services in conjunction with
insured lines, we feel good about the profitability of the entire customer relationship when we look at the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

insurance and the services together and feel like it's a real differentiator. It's the majority now of our mid-
and large-case RFPs that come in are requesting bids on services. So we feel it's a really important part
of our value proposition and one that we can profitably meet. It's going to take us some time to work
through it, particularly given the current environment.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

The duration of the typical short-term disability claim for COVID someone affected by COVID. Have you
seen any of those transition to long-term disability?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Great question. And the reality is the nature of the COVID claim, it is not typically going to make it
through elimination period to the long-term disability plan. So typically, those are going to be 90 to 180
days and very, very, very few, insignificant, have flowed through to LTV. And maybe in contrast, Peadar
was talking a little bit about what we're seeing with recoveries with long-term disability in the U.K. We,
here in the U.S., have actually been able to do pretty well and actually favorable to expectations. And
again, as health care providers are figuring out the new normal, that's a little bit of tailwind for us, too,
when it comes to recoveries on the LTV side.

Operator

Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman from Crédit Suisse.

Andrew Scott Kligerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Maybe just to tag on to that last question about leave management. And I know that the year-over-year
increase in leave request was about, what, 50% to 60%. Maybe just even moving beyond that, you talked
about some of the restructuring that you're doing to that product, when might it transition from a cost
center to an earnings contributor? Do you kind of have a time line or a window when you think that might
occur?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

I can take one. It's Mike. Appreciate the question, Andrew. And first and foremost, we do look at it in the
context of the overall client relationship and look at it, insured and services together. But as volumes have
increased related to COVID, it is -- definitely put pressure on the operations as we talked about in the
restructuring of the contracts that we talked about. But as I look out over the next, I would say, 4 to 8
quarters, it's a pretty steady improvement, I think, in revenue per covered member as we put the price
increases through and then the benefit of unit costs coming down, which actually we're already starting to
see here in 2020.

So it will take some time to work all the way through. Their contracts look similar to what we see on the
insured side with 2-year contracts being pretty standard. So it will take us probably the 6 to 8 quarters
to work it through. But I'm actually pretty excited about the potential for that business, not only for what
it can provide for us for fee income but probably more importantly, because of the importance that our
clients put to it and the real need that it needs.

And as I kind of look out, I wouldn't try to predict what's going to happen from a legislative point of
view. But in general, the trend has been towards more complexity when it comes to things like complying
with leaves laws at the federal, state and municipal level. And as more change comes down, I think that
increases the need for professional outsourcing services and something that we can do there to meet for
our clients.

Andrew Scott Kligerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Got it. And then with regard to credit, and I think what I heard just specifically with regard to Fallen
Angels, you said your outlook for the Fallen Angels had reduced in half. If I remember correctly at 2Q,
you cited expectations for all of 2020 to have defaults of $70 million and just overall downgrades of $1.3
billion, including, let's see, yes. And so far, as of the first half, you had $52 million of defaults and $529
million of downgrades. So could you update that outlook for the full year? And if possibly, even provide the
third quarter figures.

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Yes. Andrew, this is Steve. I would say, from an impairments perspective, I think your numbers are
relatively right. What we would say is for the remainder of the year, we anticipate impairments to be de
minimis. It would be our view right now. We have a little bit built into our capital plan, but really aren't
expecting anything for the remainder of the year there.

From a downgrade perspective, our full year estimate now is around $800 million. We've already reflected
$670 million of that as of 9/30. And you're right, that $800 million came down from about $1.3 million
(sic) [ $1.3 billion ] and would have been what we would have quoted in our last call. So very, very little
anticipated for the remainder of the year. The other thing I'd tell you in the third quarter, the capital
impact was pretty close to 0.

A big part of that downgrade that bond had already been adjusted as far as the NAIC rating, so it really
didn't have a capital impact, even though it was considered a Fallen Angel. So feel pretty good about that.
And then we do have a downgrade estimate in our capital plan going into next year. But again, we think
that's pretty manageable.

Andrew Scott Kligerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

On that note, that's pretty encouraging. When you say manageable, could you give a little color around it?
And tying into that, share repurchases, is there a possibility that you could resume in the first quarter?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I would say we'd leave any discussion to capital plans for next year, probably to our Investor Day in
December. Really, we're going through kind of our annual planning process. And finalizing what we think
next year is going to look like. I can tell you, though, our early read would be that the credit markets
would continue to be pretty stable going into next year. And so we wouldn't anticipate large capital
implications from downgrades next year.

Operator

Our next question comes from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Looking at the Closed Block IDI, the claims continue to be elevated. I think last quarter, you talked about
you're seeing some normalization. But I was just wondering can you color -- provide some color in terms
of what you've seen since the second quarter core and then into the fourth quarter?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Humphrey, this is Steve. Yes, you're right. Last quarter, our loss ratio in our CBD block was 89.5%.
That came down to 86.6% this quarter. So we've seen some improvement. We have seen some higher
incidents kind of through the COVID environment. We haven't seen an awful lot of actual COVID claims.
But the environment has really generated, I'd say, more just general incidents within the block. It's
something we continue to monitor from an earnings perspective, it was pretty manageable. We continue

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

to feel really good about that block. It's -- that block capitalized in our Northwind structure. And that
structure has continued to perform very well, continues to pay off the debt on time, and we would
anticipate that to continue.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Okay. And then in terms of the long-term care, you talked about the mortality being 15% higher. Can you
give us a sense in terms of whether those are concentrated in the disabled life or in the active life?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. No, that's a great distinction. Those -- what I'm quoting there would be in the claimant block only.
And that's really where we've seen the elevation over this entire period. I would say, we have not seen
any sort of significant movement in mortality in the active life block during this period of time.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will now take our next question from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I was hoping you could give us some color on whether changes in short-term disability versus long-term
disability purchasing will be with us for a while. Or do you think it's just a short-term situation related to
COVID? And likewise, given that COVID will persist for a little while, how do you see the sales recovery in
Colonial Life playing out over the next 18 months?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Mike, can you..[indiscernible].

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Yes. Yes, happy to take it. So I would not read into the quarter-to-quarter shifts between product
sales. I think the reality is we had a couple of larger transactions in the upmarket on the group insurance
side, and they happen to be in a couple of product lines and not in a couple of others. So I don't know that
there's a sustained trend to read into what consumers or employers are changing with their benefit plans.
And then the second question, I'll flip that over to Tim.

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits & President of Colonial Life

Yes. Thanks, Mike. So again, we're encouraged by the quarter-over-quarter improvement we saw in the
second quarter to third quarter. We expect to continue to see incremental improvement. Some of that's
going to be dependent upon how the virus behaves and whether there are any additional impacts to the
economy based on potential reemergence of the virus.

But again, our agents are adapting to the environment we're in. They're adopting the digital tool set that
we shared with them. And we're actually seeing face-to-face enrollments beginning to reemerge in places
where the virus is a lesson. So we're encouraged and optimistic, but it will be a choppy road ahead for a
couple of quarters.

Joshua David Shanker
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Without guidance, do you have some sort of planning thinking about 2021 versus 2019 Colonial Life sales?

Timothy Gerald Arnold

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits & President of Colonial Life

Yes. I think we're not going to… [indiscernible]

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

We'll talk about that in December, what our early outlook looks like around that. That's a good time to
discuss some of those dynamics.

I think we're up on time here. So I want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. Please do stay
safe and healthy. And operator, this now completes our third quarter 2020 call.

Operator
This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

UNUM GROUP FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 28, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

