Unum Group NYSE:UNM
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Wednesday, July 29, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.21

1.23

Revenue  (mm)

2949.81

2987.40

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-29-2020 10:30 AM GMT

1.65

1.27

1.39

5.26

5.39

2985.19

12004.44

12105.83

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.38

1.39

1.38

1.21

1.36

1.41

1.35

1.23

(1.45 %)

1.44 %

(2.17 %)

1.65 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Peadar G. O'Donnell
Executive Vice President of Unum
International

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Thomas A. H. White
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits
& President of Colonial Life

ANALYSTS

Andrew Scott Kligerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research
Division

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.,
Research Division

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good day, and welcome to the Unum Group Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call
is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Tom White, Investor Relations.
Please go ahead, sir.

Thomas A. H. White
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Great. Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call for Unum. Our remarks today will include forward-looking statements, which are
statements that are not of current or historical fact. As a result, actual results might differ materially from
results suggested by these forward-looking statements.

Information concerning factors that could cause results to differ appears in our filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and are located in the sections titled Cautionary Statement Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2019, and our subsequent Form 10-Q filings. Our SEC filings can be found in the Investors
section of our website at unum.com.

I remind you that the statements in today's call speak only as of the date they are made, and we
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. And a presentation
of the most directly comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations of any non-GAAP financial measures
included in today's presentation can be found in our statistical supplement on our website also in the
Investors section.

So yesterday afternoon, Unum reported second quarter 2020 net income of $265.5 million or $1.30 per
diluted common share compared to $281.2 million or $1.33 per diluted common share in the second
quarter of 2019. Net income for the second quarter of 2020 included net after-tax realized investment
gains of $25.4 million and an after-tax impairment loss of $10 million on the right-of-use asset related to
one of our operating leases on an office building we do not plan to continue to occupy.

Net income in the second quarter of 2019 included a net after-tax realized investment loss of $5.7 million.
As a reminder, net realized investment gains and losses include changes in the fair value of an embedded
derivative in a modified coinsurance arrangement, which resulted in an after-tax realized gain of $33.1
million in the second quarter of 2020 and an after-tax realized investment loss of $600,000 in the year
ago quarter. Therefore, the net after-tax realized investment loss from sales and credit losses totaled $7.7
million in the second quarter of 2020. So excluding these items, after-tax adjusted operating income in
the second quarter of 2020 was $250.1 million or $1.23 per diluted common share compared to $286.9
million or $1.36 per diluted common share in the year ago quarter.

Participating in this morning's conference call are Unum's President and CEO, Rick McKenney; the Chief
Financial Officer, Steve Zabel; and Chief Operating Officer, Mike Simonds; as well as Peadar O'Donnell,
who heads our Unum International business; and Tim Arnold, who heads our Colonial Life and Voluntary
Benefits businesses.

And now I'll turn the call over to Rick for his opening comments. Rick?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Tom, and good day, everyone. I'd like to thank you all for joining us today on our second
quarter earnings call. Despite the many challenges brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic, the
corresponding sharp economic downturn and the resulting upheaval and unemployment conditions and
workplace environments, we produced solid financial results in the second quarter. The operating trends
we experienced were generally consistent with the expectations we discussed in the first quarter. However,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

the magnitude of the pluses and minuses was different than expected, particularly with mortality trends.
We'll outline these impacts as well as other COVID-related impacts on the business in greater detail
throughout our commentary today.

Before I get into the discussion of the results, I want to express how proud I am of the hard work and
dedication of our teams over these past several months through this difficult time. Our teams are feeling
challenge and uncertainty in their own lives, but their efforts to support our customers, communities
as well as each other through this time has been exceptional. We have remained true to our purpose of
helping people thrive throughout life's moments. And what we are witnessing today has amplified the need
for what we do. We are also focused on the disciplined execution of our business plans and adapting to
our changing world. We are operating very well in a largely work-from-home setting with high customer
satisfaction and solid productivity. In this environment, we continue to be well prepared to navigate
through a variety of economic scenarios.

The entire set of circumstances we face today reinforces the need for our core business of providing
affordable and accessible financial protection products to individuals and their families through the
work site. The fragility of many Americans' financial lives has never been more obvious than what we
are experiencing today. Our focus on delivering great social value remains paramount. It ranges from
supporting a family with a loss of a loved one to helping America's workers with short-term disability to
many other needs created by this pandemic. It is why we are here.

If we turn to the totality of our second quarter financial results, we were pleased with the overall
performance this quarter in the wake of the stressful conditions in the business environment. Adjusted
operating earnings per share were $1.23, which is down from the $1.36 of the year ago second quarter,
but was solid overall given the headwinds of the market. We experienced more volatility within our
segment results than usual, and we'll walk you through the details throughout our commentary.

Starting with our top line. We continue to see growth in premiums, which were up 1.7%, while underlying
business origination was more mixed. When you think of our business growth, we think first of customers
that are staying with us because of the value of the protections we provide. This is even more true in the
midst of the pandemic.

Persistency levels are holding up well so far this year, with only modest impacts currently. It is reasonable
to expect that persistency will be further pressured in the second half of the year as the effects of lower
unemployment -- lower employment levels flow through our blocks, particularly in our voluntary benefits
businesses. Sales trends showed varying levels of impacts depending on the distribution model, size of
customer and product and services set. Unum US Total sales declined just under 3%. International sales
increased just over 1%, while Colonial Life sales declined 43%, reflecting the challenges of face-to-face
sales.

These trends were consistent with our expectations as cases with large companies performed better than
smaller businesses and group life performed better than the voluntary lines. We expect premium income
for our core business segments to be flat to a slight increase for full year 2020 after increasing just over
2% in the first half.

From a benefits perspective, clearly, mortality impacts are the biggest variable on people's minds. When
the pandemic started, it was believed to impact older ages much more severely, which meant the belief
was that group carriers, such as us, would see less claims as the working population skews younger.
In fact, what we saw was that death rates were similar to our overall non-COVID age distribution,
negatively affecting our U.S. group life block and our other life insurance blocks within our voluntary
benefits businesses and the U.K. On the other hand, higher mortality drove significantly higher claim
terminations in the long-term care block resulting in the interest adjusted loss ratio of 67%, which is well
below historical trends. Steve will provide more detail in his comments, but our experience was generally
consistent with the trends for mortality as published in national studies.

Beyond these outsized mortality impacts experienced this quarter, we saw several other less severe
anomalies in our benefits trends resulting from the pandemic, which touched every part of the company.
In the U.K., disability results continue to be challenged by the limitations we are experiencing in accessing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

the health care system to get the information we need to adjudicate and settle claims and return
claimants to work.

Within Unum US, our growing leave management business experienced higher volumes, which drove
higher expenses and dampened profitability in the group disability line. Our dental businesses, on the
other hand, benefited from unusually low utilization rates, producing favorable operating income for Unum
US supplemental and voluntary. And within the group disability line, newly submitted long-term disability
claims were slightly higher, but with strong claim recoveries and favorable short-term disability trends, we
experienced favorable risk performance in the Unum US group disability loss ratio.

On our investment portfolio, we saw a very dramatic improvement in the credit markets in the second
quarter as the Fed became heavily involved in bringing forms of stimulus to aid the economy and the
purchase of debt securities. Combined with improved oil prices, we saw reduced credit losses, much lower
ratings migration and a sharply improved net unrealized gain position in our fixed income portfolio relative
to the first quarter. So far, we are tracking favorably to the credit scenario we laid out in the first quarter.
On the other hand, Fed actions in a more difficult economy have pushed interest rates to low levels. So
in the world of tightening credit spreads and low government rates, ongoing pressure to new money yield
is creating a challenging environment to put money to work for our team. When we bring it all together,
we saw excellent statutory earnings generated again this quarter, which has been true for the first half of
the year. Our capital metrics remained solid with RBC at approximately 370% and holding company cash
of $1.6 billion. The results this quarter demonstrate the resilience of the franchise and underscore the
disciplined approach we take to operating the business, while bringing good value to our customers.

Now I'll ask Steve to cover the details of the second quarter results. Steve?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I want to cover second quarter results
in greater detail with you. And while doing so, give you some insights into what impacts were seen from
the current business environment and how they could play out in the third quarter. I'll also discuss what
trends we're seeing in the investment portfolio and the impacts we see it having on our capital position.

To reiterate Rick's comments, we are pleased with the overall results for the second quarter. There was
more volatility than we normally see in our segment results but the fact that overall results remain solid
and our statutory results were very good speaks to the balance of our business mix and the focus we have
maintained on discipline in all aspects of managing the company.

Looking at the quarter from a high-level perspective, I want to start with a summary of what we estimate
the COVID-19 and related impacts were on our second quarter results. To be clear, these are our best
estimates as we do not always know that a claim is directly tied to COVID, but this is intended to give you
our best approximation of the impacts. I'll break the impacts into 3 categories, starting with impacts to
claims experience. We estimate that COVID produced a net unfavorable impact to our claims experience
of between $12 million and $16 million, with the biggest unfavorable impacts occurring within Unum
US group life the overall Unum UK results and the Closed Disability Block. We did experience favorable
financial impacts in the dental and long-term care blocks, as I'll describe in a moment. The second
category covers impacts to net investment income and the investment portfolio, which we estimate in the
range of $24 million to $28 million unfavorable. The larger items were the mark on our alternative asset
investment portfolio and the valuation of hybrid securities, which I'll detail in the Closed Block discussion.
The third category is expenses, which relates primarily to higher expenses in our leave services business,
driven by higher utilization of those services. In all, these items produced an unfavorable impact in the
high $40 million to $50 million range on a before-tax basis for the second quarter. Although there was an
unfavorable impact to sales and persistency, it is more difficult to quantify the current quarter impact on
earnings.

With that said, I'll start my discussion with Unum US. Adjusted operating income declined 9% to $231.9
million, primarily reflecting adverse mortality impacts from COVID-19 on the group life business, along
with higher expenses in our leave management operation. This offset favorable benefits experience in the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

group disability line and stronger earnings growth in the supplemental and voluntary lines of business.
Premium growth for Unum US in the second quarter was 1.2% year-over-year, which is a slightly lower
trend than we have seen in recent quarters. The current sales environment remains challenging, declining
by 2.9% in total for the segment. As we expected, we saw better sales results in the large case market for
group products with those sales advancing 9.5% compared to a decline of 3.6% for sales of core market
group products using 2,000 lives as a dividing line.

In the large case segment, we continue to experience success selling packaged products with HR Connect,
which is a secure connection between Unum and select employer HCM systems that automates many
time-consuming HR activities. Persistency in Unum US was generally lower year-over-year, though we
did see a slight increase in voluntary benefits. Persistency levels and new sales activity will continue to
be watch areas as we navigate the volatile employment trends in coming quarters. Claims trends for
Unum US showed a wide range of results in the second quarter, but the benefit ratio for this segment
was generally consistent year-over-year at 68.1% compared to 67.6% in the year ago quarter, reflecting
our broad diversification within the employee benefits market. The group disability line continue to show
strong performance producing an improved benefit ratio of 72.8% in the quarter compared to 74.7% last
year, driven by strong claim recoveries. This was offset by higher submitted claim incidents, although
the recent trend in paid claims has been more favorable. Within the supplemental and voluntary lines,
both the individual disability and voluntary benefit lines showed consistent trends year-over-year. While
the dental and vision line benefited from a sharp decline in utilization due to COVID-19. This pushed the
benefit ratio significantly lower to 36% from 71.6% last year. We are already seeing a utilization -- already
seen utilization return to more normal levels for dental and vision and expect the benefit ratio to increase,
but remain volatile as the pandemic continues to play out. The leave management business, which is
reported within the group disability line, experienced significantly higher volumes related to COVID-19,
driving higher expenses for that line, which negatively impacted earnings.

The group life and AD&D line had a sharp decline in adjusted operating income to $19.4 million in the
quarter from $62.7 million a year ago as the benefit ratio increased significantly to 81.8% in the quarter
from last year's 72.9%, predominantly driven by COVID-19-related mortality.

We experienced an increase in the number of paid claims this quarter by approximately 12% or slightly
over 900 excess claims, along with an increase in the average claim size by approximately 7%. In
addition, at the end of the second quarter, we estimated an additional number of incurred but not reported
COVID claims leading to an increase in the IBNR reserve balance for group life of $7 million.

To put this into perspective, the total impact to the quarter was approximately 1,100 excess life claims
above our quarterly average, which is slightly less than 1% of the approximately 120,000 COVID-19
deaths reported by Johns Hopkins in the second quarter. Our experience tracked national trends closely
throughout the second quarter with higher claims reported from the New York and New Jersey Metro
area early in the quarter and the later skewing more to the South and Midwest in the second half of the
quarter.

Overall, despite the volatility, it was a good quarter for Unum US. Looking ahead, third quarter claims
trends will likely continue to be volatile as the pandemic continues, though likely less than what we
experienced this quarter. Given the recent trend in COVID-related mortality, we expect group life claims to
remain elevated in the third quarter and recommend that you follow the mortality data provided by Johns
Hopkins to get a sense for how our claims experience may evolve.

Finally, we are already seeing a return to more normal utilization in the dental block. The Colonial Life
segment produced very good earnings this quarter with adjusted operating earnings of $90.9 million,
an increase of 7.7% over the year ago quarter. Premium income increased 4.2% as persistency held
up well, offsetting the decline we are seeing in new sales activity. This quarter, new sales declined by
43%, reflecting the challenges of selling and enrolling in what has traditionally been a face-to-face sales
environment. The benefit ratio was slightly lower at 50.7% compared to 51.4% a year ago as improved
results in accident, sickness and disability and cancer and critical illness offset the incrementally higher
mortality we experienced in the business.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Overall, it was a good earnings quarter for Colonial Life, but we're likely to see further pressure on top
line growth from the pandemic until sales activity recovers. We anticipate some rebound in third quarter
sales, though it will continue to remain pressured relative to the year ago quarter. We believe that the
investments we've been making in digital capabilities to support growth and improved productivity will
benefit us in this environment. We are excited to see increased utilization of these new tools by our
agency force. In addition, we will likely see further pressure on persistency in the coming quarters given
the volatility in employment conditions and pressure on small businesses.

Results in our Unum International segment remained weak this quarter with adjusted operating income
of $15.1 million compared to $30.7 million a year ago. We continue to have challenges in getting the
necessary documentation and certifications for claim assessments and terminations, given the disruption
in our customers' workplaces and the overburdened health care system in the U.K. from COVID-19. While
we did see some improvement at the end of the second quarter, this trend continued to pressure results in
the group disability line.

Additionally, like our U.S. group life trends, we experienced higher mortality in the U.K. group life block,
which represents a little less than 20% of the overall U.K. business. Premium income, however, did
increase in both Unum UK, up 1.9%; and Unum Poland, up 11.1%, both in local currency. Financial results
from our Poland operation were very good again this quarter with a strong year-over-year increase in
adjusted operating income.

Looking forward, economic conditions in the U.K. are expected to remain pressured by the COVID-19
pandemic, the ongoing Brexit negotiations and the low interest rate environment, creating significant
headwinds for the U.K. business. Business trends in June were more favorable than April and May as we
are beginning to see some improvement in the information flow necessary to produce claim recoveries.
However, a full recovery may be slow and is not expected until there is increased confidence that the
health aspects of the pandemic are under control and that the economy will rebound.

The Closed Block segment produced a very good quarter with adjusted operating income increasing almost
9% to $36.7 million. I'll discuss the operating trends of the LTC and Closed Disability Blocks in just a
minute, but first, let me walk through some of the factors impacting net investment income, which is an
important driver of results in this segment.

In total, net investment income for the Closed Block segment declined 8% in the second quarter to $326.3
million. As we have discussed with you in the past, we allocate most of our alternative investments to this
segment as we feel that over time, these investments can generate higher returns, which are important in
supporting the LTC line.

Along with these higher potential returns over the long-term can come volatility in quarterly investment
income, that was evident this quarter with a negative market value adjustment on these investments of
$31.3 million reflecting market values at March 31, which are reported on a lagged basis.

To put this in perspective, in 2019, we reported average quarterly positive marks of approximately $8
million a quarter, so this was a significant negative variance from historical results. With the second
quarter recovery in financial markets, we do expect the valuation for many of these investments has also
improved and will be reflected in our third quarter reporting. We do not expect, however, a full recovery
in the third quarter, but do expect them to fully recover over time and generate our assumed returns.
The second item to note regarding investment income for the Closed Block are the marks on 2 perpetual
preferred securities that are mark-to-market quarterly and reported through net investment income,
not as a part of realized investment gains or losses. These are energy-related investments and both
rebounded strongly in the second quarter with the recovery in oil prices. Therefore, there is a positive
market value adjustment of $10 million in the second quarter compared to the $17 million negative
adjustment in the first quarter.

Aside from these impacts to net investment income, the long-term care line within the Closed Block had
an exceptionally positive quarter. The second quarter interest adjusted loss ratio dropped to 67%, bringing
the rolling 4 quarters ratio to 81.1%, well below the expected range of 85% to 90%. The favorable results
were primarily driven by elevated claim mortality, which was approximately 30% higher than average this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

quarter. Higher mortality was not evident this quarter in the active lives block, but we continue to closely
monitor that experience.

New claim incidents for LTC was also favorable this quarter, driven in part, we believe, by the hesitancy of
many to enter nursing homes or assisted living facilities or receive home care because of the pandemic.
Given the uncertainty of the timing of future claim filings, as a result of the pandemic, we did increase
the incurred but not recorded reserve for long-term care by an incremental $20 million in the quarter. In
addition, we decreased our near-term mortality assumption in our best estimate claim reserve. We believe
this will take into account potential acceleration of mortality in our claimant population.

Looking out to the third quarter, we expect mortality in the claimant block to remain elevated, though not
at second quarter levels. Also related to LTC, we made further progress this quarter with several new rate
increase approvals on in-force business, and now we're at 65% of our $1.4 billion reserve assumption.

The Closed Disability Block experienced an increase in the interest adjusted loss ratio to 89.5% in the
quarter from 81.3% a year ago, driven primarily by higher submitted incidents. New claims submissions,
which we attribute in part to COVID-19 and related to economic impacts, were heavy in the early part of
the second quarter, but they did return to more normal levels later in the quarter. Mortality did not have a
meaningful impact on Closed Disability results this quarter.

I'd like to now turn to a discussion of the investment portfolio, which showed a dramatic recovery from
the first quarter, given the recovery in the financial markets. A few points to highlight are: first, net after-
tax realized investment losses from sales and credit losses declined to $7.7 million in the second quarter
from $44.4 million in the first quarter of this year. Second, downgrades of investment-grade securities to
high-yield totaled $193 million for the second quarter compared to $336 million in the first quarter. You'll
recall, we previously referenced $119 million of downgrades that occurred in April. So the activity in May
and June declined significantly. The increase in second quarter downgrades created a minimal $11 million
increase to required capital, which impacted the second quarter RBC ratio by only 1 point. And then third,
the net unrealized gain position on the fixed maturity securities portfolio improved to $7.4 billion in the
second quarter from $4.3 billion at the end of the first quarter.

Within that, the energy holdings, which do total 9.2% of our fixed maturity securities moved to a
net unrealized gain position of $437 million from a net unrealized loss of $350 million, a significant
improvement in values due to spread tightening, given the recovery in economic and oil prices.

In the first quarter, we outlined investment credit scenario for defaults and downgrades of investment-
grade securities to high-yield for 2020, that assumed, as a base case, $85 million of defaults and $1.6
billion of downgrades. We are tracking favorably to this scenario and have refreshed our view of our
portfolio on a credit-by-credit basis.

Our capital forecast now includes $70 million of defaults and $1.3 billion of downgrades in 2020, including
what we have already experienced. We will monitor our investment portfolio and realize there is continued
uncertainty in the markets for the remainder of the year, but are optimistic that the portfolio will
outperform these planning assumptions. Even with this scenario, we still expect to meet our capital metric
targets for risk-based capital and holding company liquidity throughout 2020.

Looking to our capital position. We finished the second quarter in very good shape with the risk-based
capital ratio for our traditional U.S. insurance companies at approximately 370%, above the 350%
targeted level, and holding company cash at $1.6 billion. We target maintaining holding company cash at
greater than 1x our fixed obligations, which is approximately $400 million.

During the second quarter, we issued $500 million of debt. And as a reminder, we have a $400 million debt
maturity in September. Beyond this upcoming maturity, the next maturity is not until 2024. In addition, an
important driver of our capital position is after-tax statutory operating earnings in our traditional and U.S.
insurance companies, which were quite strong again in the second quarter, totaling $327 million compared
to $278 million in the year ago quarter.

Now I'll turn the call back to Rick for his closing comments and look forward to your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Thank you, Steve, for that summary of our second quarter. I would reiterate that in a very tough
environment that the team and the strength of the franchise have responded. We enter the second half of
the year recognizing the challenges of a pandemic persists, but we have been adapting well and continue
to stay focused on serving our customers well.
The team is here to respond to your questions. So I'll ask Jonathan to begin the question-and-answer
session.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Humphrey Lee with Dowling & Partners.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

My first question is related to the earnings power for U.S. group disability. I think Steve, you talked
about the high expenses in the quarter for leave management because of activities. But if I were to
look at it from a trailing 12-month basis, the earnings is still down 6% year-over-year, even though
the underwriting margin actually have grown by 12%. So I understand the lower earned yield and
the asset level has resulted in lower net investment income, but the growth in underwriting margin
more than covered that. So I guess at this point is -- the leave management is a drag to U.S. group
disability because of the investments. Or is it something else? Like what is your expectation for the leave
management business from an earnings contribution perspective? And when do you expect U.S. group
disability to be back on a positive growth trajectory?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Okay. We have a lot in there. So we'll try to unpack it a little bit. Maybe we'll start with Steve to talk a
little bit about the dynamics, and then Mike will talk a little bit more about leave as well.

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So I'll just -- thanks, Humphrey. I'll just start out by just talking about the benefits experience
that we've seen in Group Disability. When you look at long term disability, we're very happy with the
performance in the second quarter. We continue to see very good recovery rates. We did start to see
some increase in our submitted claims, but actually have seen very normalized experience in our paid
claims. So we feel pretty good about how that business is performing in the current environment. As it
relates to short-term disability, we also feel good about the quarter. We did see an elevation of claims that
are COVID-related. But we did see a decrease in non-COVID-related short-term disability claims in the
quarter, and they were largely offsetting. So overall, the earnings look very good.

I'll kick it over to Mike to talk a little bit about our leave management business and just the dynamics
there.

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Thanks, Steve, appreciate it, and good morning, Humphrey. So the leave management business
experienced a pretty significant spike here in the second quarter, COVID-related, think about volumes
increasing about 50% in the second quarter over the prior year quarter. And while that did absolutely put
additional expense pressure on us, as Rick teed up, this is what we're here for, and we were able to meet
that demand in a very high-quality way. A couple of points strategically about the leave business, stepping
back, we only sell these services in combination with insured lines of business.

And we really think about making sure that it's a sustainable economic relationship across both insured
and services. And when you look at a mid- to high teens, we feel very good about that. Strategically,
it is actually a very good business for us in that it puts us front and center with our HR clientele and
with the frontline employee base. And so that's something that I think is going to bear fruit for us
over time. And the last thing is, in addition to the volumes, we are investing significantly in terms of
technology. And when you think about our digital agenda, which is broad at Unum, this is the #1 priority
because of the strategic importance and because of how we bundle it with other lines. So I think you've

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

correctly identified the expense pressure, but these are, I think, moments to be there for our clients and
investments that I think are going to generate good returns for us over time.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

And I understand the synergy between your kind of risk business and the leave management. But if you
were to look at it in isolation, like is it fair to say, right now, leave management is a cost center? And do
you expect that to be an earnings contributor down the road?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Thanks, Humphrey. I think certainly, in the current environment, we're not collecting fees
commensurate with the expense. So it's a slight loss. That's as much due to the incidence and how much
leave volume we're seeing coming in. But our plans are, particularly on the back of those investments, to
continue to improve the efficiency and as we grow the top line, have this be a contributor.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

I think as Mike said, Humphrey, this is a very important strategic piece of the operation. And so we'll
continue to invest in it. And so you may not see it turn the corner in terms of being a profit generator, but
the integrated part of the offering, I think, is critical as we look to the future.

Humphrey Lee
Dowling & Partners Securities, LLC

I guess so in terms of these kind of investments for leave management, like what innings are you in right
now? Because again, like for the past several quarters, it's been kind of a drag on earnings growth for U.S.
disability. So when should -- like, I guess, like when should we start to see that turning the corner?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes, I think -- it's Mike again. I would say for the balance of the year until we start to see COVID infection
rates stabilize and come down in the U.S., we're going to continue to see elevated operating expense
pressure, and I would think over the coming 4 quarters or so in terms of the pace of investment in the
business. But as Rick said, while it may be a bit lumpy right now in terms of the pace of investment, we're
going to continue to invest in the business going forward, well beyond that.

Operator

[Operator Instructions] We will take our next question from Ryan Krueger of KBW.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

Could you provide some additional color on persistency trends you're seeing across the businesses and
your expectations in the back half of the year? And I guess just related to that, have you been doing
anything like grace periods on premium payments in any of the businesses that, I guess, has had any
impact so far?

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We'll take that apart, there's multiple products dealing with it differently in customers. So maybe we'll
start on the U.S. group side.

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Yes. Thanks. It's Mike, good morning, Ryan. So I'll hit some of the group lines and then flip to Tim, who
can cover voluntary. And then I think Peadar will have a couple of comments on the international business.
And you think about persistency broadly, I actually feel good about the results that we've achieved across
all the lines of business. But certainly, within group insurance, I'd say at the margin, certainly working with
clients on a one-on-one basis as they're dealing with challenges in their business, we want to make sure
that we're appropriately flexible and there with them.

I'd say the bigger impact in the quarter are the state-level grace period extensions by mandate. And those
went into place relatively quickly early in the quarter and then have kind of begun to roll off. And by the
time we're sort of through this month of July, we'd expect that about 85% of the group book will have
come out from under the state-mandated hold orders. That may put some degree of additional pressure
on persistency as late notices do start going out that have been held up. But actually, our experience as
states have hit on the group insurance side has been -- it's actually been a good instigator for getting
premium in-house. So steady as she goes, I would say, on the group insurance side. Tim, on voluntary?

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits & President of Colonial Life

Yes. Thanks, Ryan, for the question. The only thing I would add to Mike's comments is that we believe
that -- well I would say we're encouraged by what we're seeing so far with persistency. We've had our
account management teams reaching out to clients who have past-due premium, and we're updating
our assumptions based on some of those conversations and what we're seeing in our models. And we're
cautiously optimistic. We recognize there will be pressure over the balance of the year, but we're a little bit
more optimistic than we were a quarter ago.

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Peadar, any thoughts on international?

Peadar G. O'Donnell
Executive Vice President of Unum International

Yes. Thanks, Mike. So on the international side, in Poland, persistency has been tremendously strong
actually. And although sales have dipped a bit, premiums are growing very nicely, mainly as we see the
business very sticky there. So that's excellent. In the U.K., we do expect to see -- we have expected and
are expecting to see persistency trend down. And really, that's a combination of employers coming under
a bit of pressure. We are continuing to push rates. So we expect to see it -- be a little bit lower than it was
last year.

Ryan Joel Krueger
Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division

And then just a -- I just had a quick follow-up, separate, but how did the new money rate come in, I
guess, in the quarter for LTC relative to your expectation?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Ryan. It's Steve. I'll take one. I would say, if you go back to when we reset our reserve
assumptions, I guess, it's been close to 2 years now. We put in a new money rate behind the LTC book
that was 5.50% grading up to 6.25% over several years. I would say we have been able to achieve that
rate cumulatively up to this point, and feel pretty good about what we've been able to do. Clearly, in
the current environment, it will be a challenge going forward as we look to the regression to the 6.25%
but that's something we'll continue to monitor and just see how rates progress over the next couple of
years. But for the quarter, we continue to be able to achieve that rate. And a lot of that is through, as we
mentioned earlier, investing in some of our alternative asset portfolio alternatives.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

We'll take our next question from Tom Gallagher with Evercore.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Just a question on the net COVID impact of $12 million to $16 million that you cited this quarter. When
you consider the puts and takes heading into 3Q, how would you see that playing out? Would you still
expect that to be kind of a similar net negative amount? Or how would you see that changing?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Tom, good morning, this is Steve. I'm not going to give a number, but let me just give a framework to
kind of think about it on a product-by-product basis. And I'll start with group life and the pressure that we
saw there in the second quarter.

In my comments, I mentioned that we actually track pretty well with some of the national statistics that
are out there, specifically, if you want to anchor it to Johns Hopkins, we track a little under 1% of the
national count. And so for us, in the second quarter, that was about 1,100 claims. Our average claim
size in the quarter was around 48,000. That's a little bit inflated from what we normally see. But that's
probably a good construct just to think going into the third quarter what those national statistics look like,
and you can probably estimate pretty well what our impact will be.

As I look at some of the other variations in the quarter, one would be dental, we did see very low
utilization early in the quarter. That's trended back to a more normalized. So I would see dental getting
back closer to a more normalized earnings level in the third quarter. I would say in the Closed Block, IDI
block, we did have pressure there. We saw higher incidents. That again occurred earlier in the quarter,
normalized a little bit more as the quarter progressed. So I would see that loss ratio coming back down to
closer to normalized.

And then I would say, in long-term care, it's just hard to say. As we look at our claimant mortality, which
was a big driver, it's hard to really link that to what you're seeing nationally just because it's so specific to
certain facilities. It's specific to a certain age group. And also these folks already have comorbidity. So that
one's, I think, a little bit tougher to determine. What we did see, though, in that block, April mortality was
very elevated. May and June continue to be elevated, but maybe not to the same degree. So there might
be a little bit of a normalization there. But I'd say there's still a lot of uncertainty in how that will play out.
So that's how we're just kind of thinking about it looking forward. I'd say the other thing is in the U.K., we
have had pressure on our long-term disability product there. I think that's going to be a slower recovery.
And as I mentioned in my remarks, we really need the health -- the medical services profession to kind of
become more focused on what we need from them. And just where the U.K. is within the pandemic, that's
probably going to be a slower recovery from just a performance perspective there.

So Tom, I can't give you a number, but that's probably just a way to think about the different lines of
business.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

No, I appreciate it. The pieces are helpful. Just on the LTC incidents, would you expect the favorable
incidence trends to continue for a while? And just relatedly, are you actually seeing the overall -- a big
drop in the number of LTC claims being submitted? Or is it more of a shift out more to home health care
and away from nursing home and assisted living facilities?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Tom, I would say it's not a shift. It's a decrease in the absolute submitted claim counts that we're
seeing. They're down about 15% from what we would normally see regardless of location. As far as that
continuing, I think it will continue. The question is to what degree. And again, I think that will just be
based upon people's comfort to go into facilities. And I do think just the logic would follow that we would
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

probably see that emerge more with home health care first. I think people would be more comfortable
with that than maybe going into facilities. But that's still a real unknown for us. I would say -- I mentioned
in my remarks, we do believe that there's probably some level of just delay of submitted claims. And so
we thought it would be prudent to increase our IBNR fairly significantly. We quoted $20 million in the
quarter to try to take into account the fact that some of the claims that might already otherwise been
submitted in the current quarter will be submitted in a future quarter. So -- but I'd say there's still a lot of
uncertainty there.

Thomas George Gallagher
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

And then final question. Just statutory earnings were quite strong. GAAP earnings were softer. Can you
comment at all why there was that kind of disconnect? Was it really just the sales strain differential? Or
was something else driving the differential between the 2?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think that's probably one of the bigger items, what -- was just the strain on new business. You do
have that differential. And there's obviously some puts and takes in statutory accounting versus GAAP
accounting. But I would say that's a pretty large contributor to it.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Andrew Kligerman of Crédit Suisse.

Andrew Scott Kligerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Back on the persistency question, and more specifically, to Colonial Life. I think if I get it right, roughly 2/3
of the business is in cases of under 500 lives with an average case size of 100 to 150. So that would be
the more vulnerable areas. So to get a better feel for the persistency, I'd be interested to know what --
do you tally a mix of the sectors that you're in? Are you in food services? Are you in retail, entertainment?
And maybe you could give us some percentages because from where I sit, maybe that might be helpful to
get a read into how persistency might play out over the next 6 to 12 months.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Great. Tim, can you give us some insight into that?

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits & President of Colonial Life

Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Andrew, for the question. So maybe it'd be best to start with a little broader
context around the voluntary benefits businesses, and then I'll get to your specific question, Andrew. So
the challenges of the second quarter have not changed our view about the long-term market opportunity
for voluntary benefits. The need for simple, affordable financial services products for America's workers
and their families has always been great, and it's been amplified in the current environment. And we think
having 2 brands serving different segments of the market with really strong market share and brands
and capabilities is going to give us leverage in the future. We're reaching the market through traditional
distribution methods, but we're also supplementing our teams with digital tools to help them reach and
serve customers in new ways. And so we have cause for optimism despite the challenges in the second
quarter.

With respect to your specific question, we have very little business in retail and leisure entertainment.
We're fortunate that a significant share of our business at Colonial Life is in public sector and public sector
has the highest persistency of any segment. Think about schools and municipalities where layoffs are
just not very common. So we could break it down a little bit more for you offline, but we like the mix of
business we have and the industry segments we're in.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Andrew Scott Kligerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

That was very helpful. And then on the group disability in Unum US, we saw -- I think it was 72.8%
loss ratio and that compared with, I think it was 74.7% in the year ago quarter. And you cited favorable
claim recoveries despite higher incidence rates. And it's improved pretty nicely in the recent -- since
over the last few years. So I'm wondering, is sub-73% a good target even in this COVID-19-oriented
environment? Could we see that pick up in the second half, but then longer term, would that be the right
kind of normalized ratio?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes. Maybe I'll take that one. So I would say you captured the dynamics of the quarter. So a little bit of
upward pressure on submitted incidents. But as Steve noted, actually paid incidence was pretty consistent
with prior periods. And recovery is very strong as well as offsets, which was good to see. So it is a credit
to a very strong and tenured group of disability benefits, professionals, the clinicians and the vocational
experts that they work with every day. So it is good to see that continued consistency in outcomes and
getting people back to work. In terms of the specific question, I mean, I think there was some favorability
in the loss ratio that may repeat, but may not. And Steve hit it around the fully insured short-term
disability, a lot of the elective surgeries and other sort of non-critical procedures got pushed in the quarter
that would yield at a pretty favorable short-term disability, fully insured benefit ratio. So that may be a -- I
would expect that would normalize as some of those are now being scheduled here in the third quarter. So
I think consistency, but probably a bit of favorability here in the second quarter.

Andrew Scott Kligerman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Got it. So 73% seems like a good longer-term ratio, in your view, without the noise that we may see in
the second half of the year?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes, 73%, 74% probably is a good number.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Mark Hughes of SunTrust.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

Any update you can provide on the needs for capital, just what contributions will be for supporting ongoing
business? Any updated numbers on how much it will contribute for the extra LTC reserves?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Great. Mark, thanks for the question. This is Steve. I'll take that one. So just to kind of back up and
think about our capital position and how we're thinking about capital deployment for the remainder of the
year. Right now, RBC levels are right around 370%. Holding company cash is at $1.6 billion. And so if you
think about the remainder of the year, probably a good model to use would be we have a maturity coming
up in the third quarter. So that's $400 million of maturity that we'll fund out of holdco cash. We'll continue
to pull dividends out of the operating subsidiaries, and then we have our fixed costs that we have to cover,
whether it's interest or dividends. And then we do have contributions that we make throughout the year to
both our New York entity as well as Fairwind.

We've discussed in the past that we were anticipating about a $400 million kind of base rate contribution
that was going to grade down to $200 million over the next couple of years. And then we did have our

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

examination of finding from Maine. And we estimated that that would require a reserve strengthening
between $200 million and $250 million this year. We still feel pretty good about that level.

I'll remind you, though, that the capital contribution necessary for that would be on an after-tax basis.
The other thing that I would say is, as you saw on a GAAP basis, our LTC results were very good. That did
flow through to the results we saw in Fairwind just on an ongoing operating basis. So you kind of put that
all together, and we still feel like the full year capital contributions are still in that $550 million to $600
million range. I would note that we do make contributions throughout the year. And through the end of
the second quarter, we've already made around $150 million of capital contributions that would already
be reflected in our June 30 capital metrics. So we have about $450 million on an estimated basis for the
remainder of the year. So well within our capital plan, and we still feel very good based on what we know
now that we'll be able to hit risk-based capital targets, holding company cash targets by the end of the
year.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

And then in the Closed Block Disability, it doesn't sound like it was affected by mortality this quarter.
Should it be if mortality continues to be elevated? Should that be a possible benefit?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. It's an interesting question. And as we look across all of our product lines, clearly, we saw mortality
increases in many of our product lines, as you would anticipate, there were two -- one being our Closed
Block Disability claim block and also our long-term care active life block where we did not see elevated
mortality. You can think of a lot of hypothesis why that might be. None of them, we would be able to
confirm. But what we would say is for those parts' specific populations, we have not seen elevated
mortality, and frankly, are not really forecasting that right now that we would. But we'll have to continue
to monitor that, and we'll adjust kind of our expectations as we see that play out.

Mark Douglas Hughes
Truist Securities, Inc., Research Division

And then a final question, just your view of the competitive environment within the group sales area?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes. It's Mike, I'll take that one. So actually, I would say second quarter was relatively quiet on that front.
And I think that was because employers were sorting -- transitioning to work from home and dealing with
the pandemic. So the number of quotes in the marketplace slowed down. And I would say carriers were
very focused on taking care of existing clients and transitioning their own workforces. So how that plays
out over the balance of the year is a little bit of a wait and see. We would expect and have begun to see
activity levels improve really each week since we've hit kind of the middle of the second quarter. And we
hope and expect that that will continue through.

Whether carriers look to make up for sort of a very slow first half from a sales perspective, I couldn't
really speculate. I would just say that we're going to remain very disciplined in our approach. Our strategy
has always been the same, which is to price and underwrite business with the long term in mind. I think
our clients very much value consistency in pricing. So it's a net good thing to see activity beginning to
really pick up back into market. It's going to take some time to recover fully. The competitive environment
actually has been quiet, but we'll see how it plays out over the balance of the year.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Suneet Kamath of Citi.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Just on Colonial Life and the drop in sales due to lower face-to-face. How quickly can you migrate to more
of a virtual sales model in that channel? Do you have to make some incremental investments? Or do you
have those capabilities already and you just need the agents to sort of embrace them?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Tim, do you want to take that?

Timothy Gerald Arnold
Executive VP of Voluntary Benefits & President of Colonial Life

Yes. Suneet, thanks for the question. So about 3 years ago, we began to build digital tools that would be
necessary for our agents to be successful, and more importantly, perhaps, for our employer, customers
and consumers to interact with us digitally. So we have a full portfolio of digital tools that enable us to be
successful across the entire cycle. We didn't see adoption rates quite as strong as we would have hoped
with some of those tools until COVID. So if you think about a silver lining to a very dark cloud, this is
one of those places. We've seen extremely strong adoption of digital tools that have been in place over
the last few weeks and over the last couple of months. We're very encouraged with many of our leading
indicators right now. We think as long as the economic environment continues to improve, we're going
to see continued improvement in our sales results and partially because of the digital tools we have in
place, but we also believe that post-COVID, there will continue to be a place for in-person face-to-face
enrollments, and that may be done by video or perhaps even across the table from each other.

So we like the fact that we believe the traditional model is going to continue to serve us well but we're
supplementing that with a full portfolio of digital tools that will enable our agents to be successful. And
we've seen very strong results in recruiting and we think a big part of that has to do with the fact that
we can show new prospects these digital tools that we have to help them be confident that they can be
successful. We've had good success with agent retention so far. We've lost about 9% of our agents, but
that's not terribly unusual. So we're encouraged by agent recruiting and retention as well. And we believe
we've got the toolkit necessary to help people be successful long term.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then just quickly on long-term care. If we do end up seeing a pretty significant shift in terms
of folks not wanting to go to nursing homes and preferring to have in-home care, does that have any
dramatic impact on the assumptions that are underlying your current long-term care reserves? Or are you
fairly agnostic in terms of where people decide to get the long term care?

Steven Andrew Zabel
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. This is Steve. Probably a couple of things to think about. First of all, we set our assumptions based
on longer-term experience. So we would have to see that play out over a longer period of time, not just
through several quarters types of experience. So that's one. Two, I would say, on the fringes, home health
care is cheaper and how our policies are structured, their indemnity. So it's just a fixed cost per day.
But the cost -- the benefit that we provide is lower in most situations for a home care situation versus a
facility. So on the edges, the average size of the claim may be lower. But we have to see that play out over
a longer period of time before we would make any changes to our assumptions for that.

Suneet Laxman L. Kamath
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. And then maybe just one quick follow-up on long-term care, Steve, if I could. You've given a stat
on how much progress you've made in terms of the price increases. And I forget what that comparable
number was last quarter. But just any color in terms of if the impact of COVID is impacting the ability to
get those rate increases, if regulators are focused on other issues, that kind of stuff.

Steven Andrew Zabel

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So as far as the progress, I forget the exact number, but I think it was 60 -- maybe 61% last quarter
progress. So we have moved the needle up to 65% of the target. Just from a regulatory environment,
we're still very optimistic, both from a process perspective, the states, they're working from home or
they've transitioned to kind of their new protocols. So we haven't really seen much of a slowdown there
as far as them processing and just more from kind of a commissioner perspective and their desire to
approve these rate increases. Again, I have not really seen a slowdown on that. We still feel good about
the progress we're making. So it's something we'll continue to monitor.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

Actually, we're going to take one more question. We're at the top of the hour. So one more question.

Operator

We'll take our next question from Erik Bass of Autonomous Research.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Could you just talk a little bit more about your expectations for premium growth in Unum US and Colonial
given the current sales trends, the trends you're talking about in persistency and unemployment levels?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes, sure, Erik, it's Mike. I think after first quarter, we sort of looked at it and said more or less a flattish
premium year. And I'd say, having come through the second quarter, we're in a similar place, I'd say, we
talked a little bit about the persistency trends. So kind of watching closely and working with clients to keep
as much premium in force as they're experiencing some economic difficulty. That's one of the variables.
The second variable is really less so for premium growth for the year, but more of the trajectory into 2021
is the sales that we have.

And the way to maybe think about it on the group insurance side is the pipeline of activity really slowed
in the second quarter like we talked about. I suspect that's going to show up as pressure in reported
sales in the third quarter, but the third quarter is a very small sales quarter for us anyway, traditionally.
And really, all our focus with our field teams and underwriting and client management teams is building
the inventory for fourth quarter sales. That's traditionally our most important quarter for us, and that's
where the January 1 effectives fall. So that's probably the other big variable is how quickly are markets
recovering, are people getting back to -- a little bit more adjusting to the new normal. We are seeing
activity increase week over week, which is good, but that's really the other second important variable is
what can we do in the fourth quarter for new business.

Erik James Bass
Autonomous Research LLP

Got it. And on that note, I mean, how are you preparing for the 2021 enrollment process? And do you
expect to see any material differences in either sponsor or participant behavior?

Michael Quinn Simonds
Executive VP & COO

Yes. I think Tim hit it really well. I mean so the silver lining here is the digital adoption. So we are seeing
that pick up very rapidly. And again, don't see that as planning face-to-face ultimately on the other side of
COVID. We really see it as augmenting our reach into clients and into situations where digital just makes
a lot more sense. So it is a challenge. There's no doubt about it, pivoting as quickly as we've had to pivot.
But I will say there is a good offset, and that is what Rick hit at the opening, which is where we are getting
in front of folks digitally or in-person, our participation rates at the consumer levels are holding to improve

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

from what we've seen. And I do think that's reflective of the fragile state of the average consumer when
it comes to financial protection. It is just front and center for folks. So I think there is some reasons for
optimism there.

Richard Paul McKenney
President, CEO & Director

I'd like to thank you all for taking the time to join us this morning. Please do stay safe and healthy.
Jonathan, this now completes our Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, this concludes today's conference. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

UNUM GROUP FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

