V.F. Corporation NYSE:VFC
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 23, 2020 1:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

GUIDANCE

CONSENSUS

EPS 
Normalized 

1.21

1.23

1.65

-

3.33

3.30

3.87

Revenue  (mm)

3433.97

3384.75

(1.43 %)

2757.63

11845.01

11750.00

12705.51

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-23-2020 12:59 PM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.59

0.29

1.30

1.21

0.60

0.30

1.26

1.23

1.69 %

3.45 %

(3.08 %)

1.65 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

Presentation

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Joe Alkire
VP of Corporate Development,
Treasury & Investor Relations

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President &
CEO

ANALYSTS

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research
Division

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Jonathan Robert Komp
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Samuel Marc Poser
Susquehanna Financial Group,
LLLP, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the VF Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
[Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Joe Alkire. Please go ahead.

Joe Alkire
VP of Corporate Development, Treasury & Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to VF Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Conference Call. Participants
on today's call will make forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations
and are subject to uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These uncertainties are
detailed in documents filed regularly with the SEC. Unless otherwise noted, amounts referred to on today's
call will be on an adjusted constant dollar basis which we defined in the press release that was issued this
morning. We use adjusted constant dollar amounts as lead numbers in our discussion because we believe
they more accurately represent the true operational performance and underlying results of our business.
You may also hear us refer to reported amounts which are in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Reconciliations
of GAAP measures to adjusted amounts can be found in the supplemental financial tables included in the
press release which identify and quantify all excluded items and provide management's view of why this
information is useful to investors.

During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, the company completed the spin-off of its jeans business, which
included the Wrangler, Lee and Rock & Republic brands, as well as the VF outlet business, into an
independent publicly traded company under the name Kontoor Brands. Accordingly, the company has
removed the assets and liabilities of the jeans business as of the date noted above, and included the
operating results of this business in discontinued operations for all periods presented. Unless otherwise
noted, results presented on today's call are based on continuing operations.

Joining me on today's call will be VF's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Rendle; and
Chief Financial Officer, Scott Roe. Following our prepared remarks, we'll open the call for questions. Steve?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter performance was strong and our year-
to-date results are at the high end of our long-term growth objectives and we're on track to deliver solid
performance this year, and we're well positioned for continued growth and value creation in fiscal '21.

Before we review our third quarter results and adjusted outlook for the year, I'd like to take a moment and
comment on the news we disclosed Tuesday morning regarding our intent to explore strategic alternatives
for the occupational work portion of our work segment, hereafter referred to as occupational work
brands. Scott will cover the specifics but I'd like to just highlight a few messages from the announcement
materials.

Driving and optimizing our portfolio continues to be a top strategic priority for VF and exploring strategic
alternatives for our occupational work brands is the next natural step in that process. Our decision reflects
management's continued focus on transforming VF into a more consumer-minded, retail-centric enterprise
with a portfolio of more growth-oriented outdoor, active and work brands.

First, it is important to note that it's part of our review. We remain fully committed to these brands as
well as our worthy work purpose territory. There are fundamental differences between the occupational
work brands and the Dickies and Timberland PRO brands, including the ability to connect directly with
consumers, distribution footprint, supply chain infrastructure and financial profile. The leadership teams
within our occupational work brands have done an excellent job building these businesses over many
years, putting VF in an ideal position to find the best future owner for these brands to better enable their

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

next phase of growth and success. In terms of timing, the review process is underway, and we will keep
you appraised as things evolve over the next few months.

Now let's review our third quarter results and the current state of our business. As we head into the final
quarter, we remain confident in our ability to deliver another strong year at the high end of our long-range
plan. Year-to-date, organic constant dollar revenue and EPS increased 8% and 16%, respectively, driven
by our 2 largest brands and our international and D2C growth platforms. Our strategic growth drivers
performed well over the holiday season, and were all -- and we are well positioned as we look toward
fiscal 2021.

For the quarter, revenue increased 6%, or 7%, excluding the occupational work brands just discussed.
While our revenue performance for the quarter was generally in line with our long-term algorithm, it
was slightly below our expectations due primarily to the performance at Timberland, where challenging
conditions for occupational work brands as well as a mixed holiday season in the U.S. Despite the revenue
shortfall, the quality of our growth remained strong as evidenced by a 100% basis points of gross margin
expansion, 12% operating income growth and 14% EPS growth. Our performance during the quarter
highlights the diversity and resiliency of our operating model and the momentum we have across our
strategic growth drivers.

And now let me turn to the performance of our largest brands. Vans continues to deliver strong, balanced
performance across all regions and above its stated long-term growth objective. Revenue for Vans
increased 13% in the quarter, and importantly, growth remains well diversified across product categories,
channels and geographies. Heritage footwear increased 8%, progression increased more than 30% and
apparel increased 14%. And following another quarter of broad-based momentum, we are again raising
our fiscal 2020 outlook for Vans. We now expect revenue for Vans to increase about 15% for the full year,
well ahead of its long-term target.

Moving on to The North Face. Revenue increased 8% in the quarter, led by our international business.
Growth was balanced across both our D2C and wholesale channels globally, and we saw solid performance
in our Urban Exploration and Mountain Lifestyle product territories as the brand continues to attract
new consumers and capitalize on growth opportunities beyond the core Mountain Sports. Footwear
also increased at a high single-digit rate during the quarter. In Mountain Sports, strong performance
internationally was somewhat offset by more mixed results in the U.S. market.

While limited in scope, the performance of FutureLight well exceeded our expectations during the key
holiday season and continues to cast a strong halo for the brand. The disruptive innovation has been
available to consumers for about 4 months now, and we're seeing 4x the sales volume in our pinnacle
Summit, Steep and Flight series products, which feature the FutureLight technology. Given our holiday
performance and additional visibility through the end of the year, we now expect revenue for The North
Face to increase about 9%, at the high end of its long-term growth objective.

Despite early signs of success this year, our results at Timberland were disappointing this holiday season
as revenue decreased 4% in the quarter. Solid momentum in apparel, outdoor footwear and China was
not enough to offset challenging conditions in men's footwear in the Americas and Europe, particularly in
our classic business. Men's, non-classics and women's performed relatively better as our diversification
strategy continues to evolve. As a result of the third quarter performance and improved visibility through
the rest of the year, we are lowering our revenue outlook for the Timberland brand in fiscal 2020 and now
expect full year revenue to decline between 1% and 2%.

And last but not least, as expected, the Dickies brand had a great quarter as revenue increased 13%.
Growth was strong across all key strategic growth drivers, highlighted by 68% growth in China and 16%
growth in digital, with category momentum across icons and new seasonal product. After a flat first half,
we had high expectations for the Dickies brand heading into the back half of this fiscal year, and the global
teams delivered. The brand launched it's Yours to Make marketing campaign this quarter, the largest in
brand history, driving significant brand heat and consumer engagement. We expect another quarter of
double-digit growth, providing us with strong momentum as we head into fiscal 2021. We continue to be
bullish about the growth opportunities at Dickies and are even more confident in our fiscal 2020 revenue
growth outlook of 5% to 6%.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Over the last few quarters, we've discussed a more uncertain geopolitical and macroeconomic
environment and the impact it has had on our business results and forward outlook. As we exit the holiday
season, I'd like to briefly provide our perspective on business conditions across our largest markets.

U.S. economic backdrop remains generally solid, led by a healthy consumer and low unemployment. That
said, we believe performance across retail and our sector was mixed during the holiday season. While
inventory levels at retail were in good shape heading into the fall/winter period, sell-through performance
in certain categories was slower than expected, which has led to elevated inventories in select areas in a
more promotional environment.

In Europe, international trade and the Brexit uncertainty have impacted business confidence and
investment. However, consumer confidence and spending remains relatively strong. Our EMEA business
accelerated in the third quarter and our outlook is generally bullish across the region.

In Asia, our brands continued to perform very well in China despite continued unrest in Hong Kong. The
recent Phase 1 trade deal between China and the U.S. should yield a more constructive consumer and
retail environment.

As I talked about in Beaver Creek, our strategy is to become more consumer-minded, retail-centric and
hyper-digital in all that we do. Transforming how we operate is essential to our ability to create value for
shareholders and stakeholders. We are in the early stages of our journey, and as our work progresses, we
increasingly gain clarity on what's required to achieve our vision. As we exit fiscal 2020 and transition into
fiscal 2021, we will focus our investments on 4 key programs.

The first is to gain a deeper understanding of new and existing consumers. We will further focus our
investments on driving proprietary real-time consumer and marketplace knowledge to establish emotional
connections, guide personalization, inspire must-have products and create consumer-centric experiences
that enable lifelong, loyal relationships.

The second is developing a more digitally enabled, responsive go-to-market approach. We will increasingly
leverage more end-to-end digital platforms, go-to-market processes and best practices and manufacturing
innovations that help our brands create and deliver high-value products and experiences to consumers
whenever and wherever they want.

The third is a more seamless integration across physical and digital touch points. We will work to provide
a seamless and consistent brand experience across and between all consumer touch points, be it digital,
physical, owned and partner and strategic wholesale accounts.

The fourth is the construction of more robust engagement models that help build and create enduring
relationships. We will invest and leverage best-of-breed marketing and technology platforms that
enable our brands to drive new consumer acquisition and build stronger loyalty through personalized
engagement.

Our transformation journey is a multiyear endeavor. Investments over the past 2.5 years have laid the
foundation that we'll now begin to build on. We have an aggressive agenda and look forward to providing
more details and updating you on our progress against these programs as the years unfold.

Before turning the call over to Scott, I'd like to highlight that on December 5, we launched our latest
sustainability and responsibility report: Made for Change. This report outlines our aspirations for advancing
environmental and social improvements across our enterprise and communities worldwide. Included in the
report, we publicly announced new, ambitious science-based targets and commitments around our use of
sustainable materials aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Details behind these commitments,
highlights from the last reporting year and the value this work adds to our business and stakeholders can
be found in the reports.

Consistent with our commitment to be a purpose-led enterprise, VF has established a clear position as
a leader in the work to combat global climate change. Looking ahead, and with our Made for Change
strategy providing the road map, we will strengthen our role as a company that is leading meaningful

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

initiatives that not only lessen our impact on the planet, but also drive purpose-led, profitable growth for
our business and brands.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Scott.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. We were pleased with our strong third quarter performance,
and we remain on track to deliver revenue and earnings growth above our long-term commitments. Before
we review our third quarter results and adjusted outlook in more detail, I'd like to make a few comments
related to the announcement made Tuesday morning of our intent to explore strategic alternatives for the
occupational work brands.

In summary, we intend to sell the brands comprising our work segment, excluding the Dickies and
Timberland PRO brands. The occupational work brands include VF's legacy imagewear business as well
as several brands acquired with the Williamson-Dickie transaction. As a reminder, this is primarily a B2B
wholesale business and represents the majority of VF's existing owned manufacturing footprint. These
brands tend to be more cyclical in nature and have minimal exposure to VF's international and D2C growth
platforms. From a financial standpoint, the occupational work brands contributed about $865 million of
revenue and $130 million of adjusted operating income in fiscal 2019. As Steve mentioned, the review
process is underway and we will provide further details as the process unfolds over the next few months.

So now let's review our third quarter results. Overall, our performance was strong. The brands and
platforms that are core drivers of our long-term growth objectives performed well during the holiday
season and the fundamentals of our business remain intact. While parts of the portfolio did not fully meet
our expectations, in aggregate, we were pleased with our results despite a mixed holiday season in the
U.S. Our performance in the third quarter highlights the diversity and resiliency of both our portfolio and
operating model, 2 themes we spoke about in detail during our Investor Day in Beaver Creek.

For the third quarter, total VF revenue increased 6% organically. And if you exclude the occupational
work brands, the growth rate becomes 7%, a full point higher, driven by our largest brands. Growth was
relatively balanced by channel in the third quarter as D2C increased 7%, including 17% growth in digital
and a 6% total comp, and wholesale increased 4%.

Moving on to our performance by geographic region, revenue increased 9% internationally and 3% in the
U.S., including the occupational work brands. Strength internationally was driven by 15% growth in Asia,
including more than 30% growth in China, which benefited by about 5 points from the timing of shipments
ahead of the Chinese New Year holiday. Our EMEA business also delivered another solid quarter with 7%
organic growth, led by 13% D2C growth, including an 11% comp and 30% growth in digital.

Our fundamentals remained strong as gross margin expanded 100 basis points organically, driven by
continued favorable mix shift towards higher-margin businesses and the timing of foreign currency
transaction gains. Operating margin also expanded 100 basis points, representing 12% growth in
operating profit despite a 9% increase in strategic investment spending. And excluding the occupational
work brands, operating profit increased by 15%. And to round out the P&L, EPS increased 14% to $1.23,
which includes the occupational portion of our work segment.

Moving to the balance sheet. Inventory, excluding the occupational work brands, increased 8% or 12%
for total VF. Our inventory is a little elevated, however, we're comfortable with the quality and expect
inventory growth to be in line with top line growth by the end of the year. Leverage at the end of the
quarter remains below our long-term target of 2x as we balanced cash returns with capacity to pursue
our M&A agenda. We returned approximately $700 million to shareholders this quarter through dividends
and a $500 million share repurchase. While M&A is our top capital allocation priority, cash returns to
shareholders remain a key component of our TSR algorithm.

Now turning to our updated fiscal 2020 outlook. As you saw in the release this morning, we are adjusting
our fiscal 2020 outlook following our performance this holiday season and increased visibility for the full

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

year. We now expect revenue to be about $11.75 billion, representing 7% growth on an organic constant
dollar basis. Excluding occupational work brands, our updated outlook represents growth of over 8%.

By brand, we're raising our outlook for Vans to about 15% growth, which compares to our prior
expectation of 13% to 14% growth. We're tightening the outlook for The North Face to about 9% growth.
We now expect Timberland to decline between 1% and 2%, which compares to our prior expectation of
1% to 2% growth. And lastly, we're holding our outlook for Dickies at 5% to 6% growth as the business
continues to gain momentum.

We expect our strategic growth platforms, D2C and international, to continue to perform well through the
remainder of fiscal 2020. We now expect growth in D2C to be between 10% and 11% versus our prior
expectation of 12% to 13% growth. And from a geographic perspective, we now expect our international
business to increase about 9%, which compares to our prior outlook of 8% to 9% growth.

We continue to see gross margin expanding 80 basis points to 54.1% and operating margin expanding
90 basis points to 13.8%. We now expect EPS to approximate $3.30, representing about 18% growth.
This compares to our prior outlook of $3.32 to $3.37, which represented 19% to 21% growth. Relative
to our prior outlook, the reduction in EPS was driven by the performance of Timberland brand and the
occupational work brands, partially offset by strength in the Vans brand.

As we head into the last quarter of the fiscal year, we are on track to deliver revenue and earnings
growth at or above the long-term commitments we laid out in Beaver Creek in late September. 3 of our 4
largest brands are performing at or above their long-term growth objectives. And as a reminder, our top
2 brands, The -- Vans and The North Face, account for over 80% of our growth in the long-range plan.
Our strategic growth platforms, international and D2C, are strong and well positioned to sustain their
growth momentum heading into fiscal 2021. And given our intended actions with our work segment, we're
taking another step to optimize our portfolio, simplify our business and elevate our focus on our largest
properties and growth opportunities.

The fundamentals of our business are strong. We are executing well. And we remain confident in our long-
range organic plan and our ability to deliver on our mid-teen TSR commitment. And our balance sheet
is primed and positioned to capitalize on M&A opportunities that have the potential to drive incremental
growth and value creation to our organic plan.
So with that, we'll now turn the call back to the operator and take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim Securities.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Just 2 questions for me. I guess the first one is on the Timberland performance. Can you just talk to sort
of the turn in Timberland or sort of what needs to happen within that business and sort of the time line on
it?

And then the second question I have is just can you expand a little bit more on your inventory levels and
sort of maybe inventories in the channel in terms of what you see heading into calendar 2020?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Bob, this is Steve. So Timberland. To be just be really frank with everybody, we are not pleased with our
performance. We're disappointed. And our assumption is you are disappointed as well. And where we find
ourselves is this is an iconic brand with deep, rich heritage. And we remain very committed to the strategy
that we laid out to you all at Beaver Creek. A lot of foundational work has been done around the brand
to really understand the consumer and put together the brand architecture that helps drive the most
important aspects of our strategy, which is elevating our product.

We've talked to you a lot about diversity -- diversifying our product offer. We absolutely need to do that
to move beyond classics in our men's business to the non-classics, but we have to continue to see good
growth in our women's apparel and PRO businesses and concurrent with that is we have to find a way to
more intimately connect and engage with consumers as we drive the new brand foundation forward. We
are not where we'd like to be. But I think we are very, very convicted that this brand is one that our skills
can absolutely unlock, and the diversification strategy that we have in place absolutely gives us confidence
that it can be done.

I think it's interesting. If you look at the results this quarter, our apparel business was strong, our PRO
business was strong, our women's business contributed. And in aggregate, those businesses are about
half of the total Timberland revenue. Where we need to continue to grow is in the men's classic and non-
classics. And we laid out that vision in Beaver Creek of the work that needs to be done with the new
design teams, the new merchandising skills, to drive that turnaround. And we remain very convicted, but
don't let me leave you thinking that we're at all pleased. We're disappointed and continue to work very
hard with the leadership teams there at Timberland to put this business in the right place.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And Bob, as it relates to the inventory levels, I think you're talking about retail inventories. And as
Steve's comments and mine as well talked about, a mixed holiday performance, a little softer than our
expectation there in a few areas. And the knock-on effect of that is inventory levels are a little elevated.

We also noted the promotional environment started a little earlier and went deeper than we were in
some cases. And so what we've laid out as a plan for the balance of the year to address that, we think
that's baked into our guidance. And as I said in the prepared remarks, our expectation is, both from our
inventory and from a retail inventory, that we'll exit this year in good shape. So back in 3 months, and
we'll give you an update on how that progressed.

Operator

Our next question today is coming from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Dana Lauren Telsey
Telsey Advisory Group LLC

As you think about the performance by region, certainly seems like EMEA and China did well. Any breakout
by brand on what happened in the Americas by channel, whether it's wholesale or direct in terms of what
you're seeing?

And then just on Vans, what we should be looking for there going forward. You took up the guidance to
15% for the full year. What should we look for as we go to fiscal '21?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Dana, this is Steve. So I think you absolutely captured. Our international business was quite good. Europe
continues to do well in an environment that isn't necessarily that strong. And our Asia business, led by
China, continues to perform very well. Here in the U.S., to our prepared remarks, we saw an uptick in the
promotional activity starting pretty early and specifically with our cold-weather brands, and the results
there really hit The North Face and Timberland. And we saw a drop in traffic in our retail. In the notes, and
you can see it in our slides, we did see a reduction in growth within our brick-and-mortar. In the case of
Vans, we had good e-commerce pick up but we saw weakness in The North Face and Timberland on that
e-commerce side.

And we do really relate that to the early promotional activity. We did not respond. I think if you remember
back 3, 4 years, we did quite a bit of work around rightsizing the channels to distribution, shoring up the
promotional activity that we participated in. And we really took the long view and wanted to preserve the
integrity and quality of our brand position. And with our -- within our owned environments, we did not
chase that promotional environment. Some might argue that we should have, but we really do believe that
from a long view, shoring up that quality and integrity of the brand position is very, very important.

But I also would tell you, in the case of our North Face business, we are rebuilding a team that just went
through a very significant relocation. And in that, our D2C and digital teams are new. We believe we've got
a very strong, if not stronger, team. And our ability to now really engage and drive that particular platform
will be back in our control as this team settles into their new position and understands the total brand
strategy that they're driving.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, and Dana, relative to your question on Vans. I guess the big-picture answer is we really don't see
anything fundamentally different, right? We just did a 15%, which we know is ahead of our long-range
plan, but we also talked about the soft landing or a controlled descent, whatever you want to call it, that
we planned on. And we really don't see anything fundamentally different on a forward basis.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Michael Binetti from Crédit Suisse.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

I wanted to ask about Vans and actives -- the active segment margins for a second, they were down
a little bit in the quarter. But you guys went through a huge period of growth with Vans. And then the
margins being down in this quarter after being up a lot in the first half of the year. As we look ahead to
next year in your fiscal '21, how should we think about the margin compression that we saw in the third
quarter?

I know you have some tough comparisons lapping the first half of this year. And then I know the longer-
term structural drivers, like D2C and international, drive this higher over the long term, so it's easy to see
that being the case as you get into the second half of your fiscal year next year. But I'm thinking more

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

in the near term, does the margin need to normalize a little bit in the first half of next year while you lap
those big comp growth rates and margin expansion from the first half of fiscal '20?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Michael, great question. So the third quarter, you really have to let it broaden out and look at the full
year picture because there is some timing quarter-to-quarter. What you should expect for the full year is
that the margin growth rate will more or less approximate the top line growth rate. And that was the way
we planned this business because we're investing back into the growth of Vans. And that was something I
think we've been talking about for a while here. And the great news with this business is, given its gross
margin profile, that is really the fuel that allows us to continue to invest back into the business.

So as we look forward, we don't see anything structurally different. I'm not going to give guidance for next
year at this point. But no, those gross margins and that growth rate will continue to fuel the investment
capacity to allow us to invest back into the brand.

Michael Charles Binetti
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Okay. Let me back up and ask about some of the Beaver Creek stuff for a second. I'm trying to roll
forward the algorithm you laid out just a few months ago at that Analyst Day given what we know about
the occupational group at this point. So if our starting point was a 7- to 8-year -- sorry, a 7% to 8%
revenue CAGR for 5 years. Does that -- does the sale of occupational move us up to the 8% to 9% range
for the next 5 years?

And I know the occupational business has higher margins, about 15% than the overall company. But I
guess we don't know what the gross margin or SG&A improvement was baked into the plan relative to the
corporate algorithm. So could you just help us think about how the sale influences the plans for about 40
basis points of EBIT margin expansion per year and EPS of 12% to 14% per year?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So again, we're not going to revise the long-term algorithm. I'd say, Michael, it's not materially
different. And if you think about the go-forward, we know today that certain things are developing
somewhat differently. Timberland is a little slower in its acceleration curve, that's moving to the right. On
the other hand, you're right, the sale of occupational will have a tailwind from a growth standpoint. But I
guess at this point, we're not changing our full view and we don't really see a material difference.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Erinn Murphy from Piper Sandler.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

A couple of questions for me. I guess, first, just on The North Face. I think you guys indicated that the
men's business performed much better than the women's. Can you just kind of expound on what drove
that? Was it competition in the women's side, that maybe it was a little bit softer?

And relatedly, with the FutureLight. You've had it for 4 months in your direct channel. Can you just talk
about the rollout strategies over the next 12 months? Are wholesale accounts starting to book for spring?
Where should we see it kind of show up?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Great. Erinn, I'll take your question. So good call out. Our men's business in The North Face was good. We
saw solid growth across really all 3 of the brand territories: Mountain Sports, Mountain Life and Urban Ex.
But really, I think it was the Mountain Life and Urban Ex where we saw strong growth.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Our women's business in the Americas underperformed. And to my earlier comments around the early
move to promotional environment, we believe, had an impact on our business. Potentially, there was
some increased competition, and -- that may have taken some of that. But I think it really comes down to
our market segmentation strategy and how we've set our businesses up to succeed. And going forward,
The North Face, to really take learnings out of this quarter and apply it to next fall is a -- think about
the wholesale and retail mix of those core women's style. Women's continues to be one of the primary
growth drivers that Arne laid out in the Beaver Creek conversation. And it's a very, very important aspect
of the long-term growth. We really see this as a point in time, not a long-term trend, and one that we feel
confident will not be one that repeats.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

On the FutureLight question. Really -- we're really happy with how -- where we are. We're seeing that, in
the prepared remarks, 4x the sales of the Summit, Steep and Flight series, where FutureLight products
are represented. We really have been able to really reposition the brand with these collections with that
core consumer.

What we found is that the educational element of FutureLight is a significant task in the future. And
we've invested heavily around driving the brand and driving the education. But this is such a disruptive
innovation in how the garment feels, how the garment performs is markedly different than anything
that we've seen and been able to use over the last 30 years. And the work to drive that education, that
understanding, will continue into fiscal '21, fiscal '22, as the product line continues to expand.

You will see an expanded offer in spring '20 going on market in rainwear and moving into some more
approachable price points. The Dryzzle rain jacket at $229 will be the opening price point with FutureLight.
That is a very strong historical seller. And we think this will be yet another moment to truly raise the
awareness, inform the consumer. And as we do that, continue to set ourselves up for future expansion in
the coming fall in years after.

Erinn Elisabeth Murphy
Piper Sandler & Co., Research Division

I appreciate that. And then just one quick follow-up for Scott. Scott, just on the digital growth, I think you
guys referenced why it was weaker in -- at 17% with just Timberland and North Face. But how do you see
digital growing in the fourth quarter? And as we get into 2021, should it return back to the longer-term
CAGR of 24% to 25%? .

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I think Steve unpacked what we understand at this point are the drivers for why we saw the
moderated performance. We're obviously taking some actions. I mentioned some of those in terms of
promotion also, just in the way that we're communicating and the feedback loop. One of the things that
we have is good insight into consumer feedback, and we're making adaptations where we can. So we'll see
some improvement, but not all the way back to the long-term algorithm. Going forward, we see no reason
why we can't achieve that. Again, the reasons for the underperformance, I think Steve unpacked earlier.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Sam Poser from Susquehanna.

Samuel Marc Poser
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

I just want to follow-up. I have 2 questions. One, to follow-up on Timberland and what's really -- what's
being done there to sort of invigorate the, I would call it, the core heritage business, other -- away from
what the classic yellow boot type businesses. And when will we potentially begin to see that in earnest,
given the current deceleration and miss of plan.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

So fair question, and one that I absolutely expected from you. We -- in my earlier comments around
Timberland and the Classics business, it's with -- as Martino laid out in Beaver Creek, we've done a lot of
work over the last couple of years of really understanding the consumer and really helping us reframe and
rethink the brand architecture and how that drives the creative aspect of the business. We've -- as we laid
out, we've added new design talent, Christopher Raeburn coming on, the teams that surround him, the
merchandising organization.

So what we have to do is not only diversify the product, but we have to elevate the product. And we
need to really think about the aesthetic. We need to think about the finish. We're opening up some
new sourcing avenues, accessing better manufacturing, which will put an elevated offer from both the
materials and aesthetic into the consumer frame. The samples that we're seeing right now give us
confidence. That's why earlier on, I said we remain very convicted that this is a brand that we can drive.

And I think to your point on timing, I think you're not going to see it in a dramatic way in fiscal '21. To
Scott's comment, we don't see fiscal '21 as the year where we're going to see breakout performance
across the full assortment. We do think our apparel business will continue to drive good double-digit
growth as we're seeing right now. Our PRO business will continue to be a good performer. Our women's
business here in the Americas is good, and we'll continue to drive that. But the energy around the men's
classic and the non-classic diversification will be a major focus, and it will really be that following year
where we think you'll start to see the evidence and the proof points of that work. And really driving off
that rich heritage, tapping into that outdoor heritage and those styles that you know so well will be really
top of mind for us.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Sam, I'd just like to add on, too. As we think about where we're at in this brand and what the near
to mid-term looks like, just to build on Steve's comment. Remember, part of our strategy is to build
the diversified offer, the more lifestyle offer. We have some evidence of that, as Steve mentioned, with
apparel. But that really enables our D2C growth. But the reality is this brand today has about 25% of the
overall distribution sitting in D2C.

So that large wholesale footprint, particularly in the U.S., coupled with the performance we just had at
the holiday and the attendant inventory overhang that comes with that, means we're going to struggle to
grow next year as many of the wholesalers base their next-year buys and the order books are set based
on the performance they just saw. So I think we have to have a sober assessment of where we're at. And
next year, we're not giving guidance per se, but we will struggle to grow as we look at next year in the
Timberland brand.

Samuel Marc Poser
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

And then secondly, can you give us some idea of the percent of sales within the occupational work
business by quarter? Just to help us sort of forecast forward with and without that business. And can you
give us some idea of how you're foreseeing the occupational business to be on a year-over-year basis in
full year '20 now that we're almost through it, vis-à-vis the release from last year's revenue?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So on the first part, there is some seasonality, but it's fairly balanced on a full year basis, Sam. And
I'm sorry, could you repeat the second part of your question?

Samuel Marc Poser
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Can you give us some idea? It was $835 million or $865 million last year. Can you give us some idea of
where you're thinking that's going to end up this year? Or where this year...

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, flat to slightly down is where we see it for the balance of the year.

Samuel Marc Poser
Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division

And what would be the peak quarter of sales for that business?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'm not going to get into that level of detail. I'd just refer you back to my earlier comments, Sam, on
the pace of the business.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI.

Omar Regis Saad
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I wanted to ask about the spin-off. Actually, the spin-offs at this point. Now with Kontoor in the rearview
mirror and the announcement around the workwear decision to sell that business. Obviously, you're
reshaping the portfolio to align with kind of the core competency of the company and the long-term
goals, but it also seems like you may be clearing the decks a little bit here. Does it make it easier to do
a larger acquisition in the future once this is -- this like kind of last piece is done in terms of the portfolio
reshaping? Is that an appropriate way to think about it? Maybe you could frame it for us.

And then I had a second question on Urban Exploration within The North Face, what you learned in the
quarter. How we should think about that component within The North Face over the next -- over the long
term, what the opportunity is there.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Great. So Omar, I'll start here. So I'm not -- I don't think we're in a position to talk to you about the size
or magnitude of the acquisition that our last 2 dispositions may be putting us in a position for. But what
I would tell you, that M&A remains that #1 priority for capital allocation. We have been very clear with
our total addressable market, where we see the opportunities. As we simplify and focus our portfolio
around brands that really can connect more intimately with consumers and have a direct contact to owned
distribution and key partners, I think gives you a good sense of where we're looking and where we think
we can add value to our portfolio. But absolute size would be difficult to really call out for you right now.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. And I'd just build on the focus on simplification of the model really helped as you think about future
activity, right? So one, just data point x -- or at the end of this transaction, our portfolio, at 12 brands, will
be roughly half of what it was just a couple of years ago.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

But really aligned with that long-term growth algorithm that we laid out in Beaver Creek, a portfolio of
brands, we can really drive that algorithm, but also benefit and drive our focus around transformation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

So on your question on Urban Ex, Omar, I think the learnings there is that the brand continues to be able
to appeal to and attract new consumers. Leveraging the rich heritage of some of those key icons, like the
Nuptse, you see extreme here being pulled out of the archives. What they're finding is this is a real rich
area to leverage that historical set of brand icons, done in a way that really promotes the rich heritage and
authenticity and supports the more technical side of mountain sports. So we see good growth. And not
only here in the U.S., but from a global standpoint, it's a real strong part of that go-forward strategy.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Alex Walvis from Goldman Sachs.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

My first question is on the occupational workwear split. Scott, you shared some comments on this in the
opening remarks, but I wonder if you could help us out with where we should and shouldn't expect there
to be dis-synergies from that split.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So there will be some of it. There's -- I would characterize this business as moderately integrated.
So we will have some dis-synergies, just to put a number on it. And we're in the neighborhood of $30
million is our expectation. Now against that, likely, there will be TSA. And of course, we'll get after those
costs over time, depends on the buyer and the circumstances. But just to give you some sense of the
magnitude.

The other thing I would point out is, with this action, then it greatly simplifies -- or focuses our supply
chain as well. From a manufacturing standpoint, we talked about -- this gets us out of the apparel
manufacturing. So as you can imagine, that gives opportunity for simplification and cost reduction as well.

Alexandra E. Walvis
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Great. That's helpful. And then if I may, another question on the North America backdrop. So you shared
a lot of comments on the more promotional environment in the holiday period. So to the extent that it's
possible, is there a way of passing through? How much of the weakness in North America was a softening
in underlying consumer confidence or spending versus the impact of warmer weather trends versus what
have been a pretty good winter last year? Do you guys have any thoughts on that split?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Yes. Alex, I don't think it's -- it would be really difficult, I think, to really pinpoint what were those key
drivers. You called out some of them. I think the U.S. consumer remains strong. What we saw in our
product category, specifically cold weather product, was a slow start to the season. The quick move to the
promotional environment certainly did have an impact. But I could also say that when brands are deeply
focused on understanding the consumer needs and putting the right products in front of the consumers at
the right time, you can absolutely see the sales lift that we planned for.

So we're not going to focus on any one of those key drivers, I think we're going to remain very focused
on our consumer understanding, how that will help us drive a more retail-centric approach to our go-to-
market strategies, and continue to elevate our digital skills to could be able to really engage and drive
deeper connections with our consumers.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Matthew Boss from JPMorgan.

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Great. So on gross margin, what was the benefit this quarter from the FX transaction gains? And just the
expectation for the fourth quarter. And how best to think about the impact on the fourth quarter gross
margin as a whole from the more promotional backdrop and elevated inventories that you cited.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, Matt. We didn't break that out per se that -- but certainly, FX did benefit the third quarter. And it does
turn negative, really, for the first time this year in the fourth quarter, and of course, that on an ongoing
basis. So what I will say is this, if you look at our implied guidance for the fourth quarter, it would say that
our implied margin in the fourth quarter is down a bit. Underneath that, the structural gross margin mix
remains strong. It's there, and that will continue on an ongoing basis.

The 2 factors, one you mentioned is the FX. And this -- we're talking about transactional FX, which relates
to hedges put in place over the last 12 to 18 months or so. And that's something we've been talking about
for a long time. That now turns negative in the quarter.

Also, while tariffs not a big impact overall or even for the year, we do see, for the first time, a negative
tariff impact in the fourth quarter. Now interestingly, on a go-forward basis, based on where we're at right
now, tariffs seem to be about a push year-on-year. And again, really relatively small in the overall scheme
of things. So that's what's going on in gross margin, right? The change in the FX cadence. Underneath it,
you got a continued mix benefit which is structural and will continue. And then a little bit of noise on the
tariff.

One final thing, I alluded to this in my earlier comments as well. Relative to the inventory being a little
elevated in certain pockets, we also factored in to be a little more market-appropriate from a promotional
cadence standpoint, and that's also baked into our guidance as you look at the fourth quarter.

Matthew Robert Boss
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Great. And then just a follow-up on the portfolio pruning. So I guess, maybe larger picture, how should
we be thinking about the strategy moving from pruning to M&A? And how would you prioritize maybe best
particular categories of increased interest on the radar, I think, within that core addressable market that
you outlined at the Analyst Day? .

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So you were right where I was going to start, which is that those TAMs, the total addressable market,
is where we're focused. And remember the 3 lenses that we look at, both the portfolio that we have and
the portfolio targets that we evaluate, it's really pretty consistent and straightforward. We're looking at is
it strategically, is it an attractive segment of the market? Financially, does it meet the characteristics that
we're looking for? And from an ownership standpoint, do we bring something to the party? Is it consistent
with our purpose? And does it meet the profile of the target investor that we're going after? So I think
in that is a pretty good explanation of the actions that we've taken and also gives you a pretty good
indication of the kind of areas that we're looking from an acquisition standpoint.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Jim Duffy from Stifel.

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Guys, 2 lines of questioning for me. First, we've heard a lot about the U.S. market dynamics in the
quarter. Can you speak to Asia? Is there a way to size the impact of the Hong Kong disruption? And can
you speak to what you're seeing relative to expectations in other countries?

Scott A. Roe

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Executive VP & CFO

Maybe I'll put some numbers on it first. So our Hong Kong business is important. It's been a good
business, but it's not that large in the scheme of things. I think we said in the $100 million range overall.
And that has been significantly impacted through the year, and we really haven't seen much of a change
in trend relative to Hong Kong. Interestingly, we'll start to lap that. We were just having that conversation
internally here. As we get into the new year, we'll start to lap when we started to see those issues.

The good news for us is that China and the region has really been strong. And you saw 30%, that's
somewhat artificial. And we said there's about 5 points due to the timing of Chinese New Year. There is a
little quarter-to-quarter noise in that. But still, if you look, we've been in that 25-plus kind of growth range
consistently in China. And that's really driven the strength of Asia and really why we're at the top end of
our long-range estimates overall.

James Vincent Duffy
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Great. I wanted to dig in some on the inventory. Can you guys speak in more detail on the geographic-
and brand-level inventory picture? It seems inventory's most out of balance for the vocational work
business in Timberland. Can you talk about plans to get the inventories back in line and the financial
impact? And then, Scott, is that cleaned up in the fiscal fourth quarter? Or is there some lingering impact
as we go into fiscal '21?

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So you're talking about our inventory, obviously. And so we're -- if you look at the ongoing core
inventory, we were up like 8%. And as we think about going forward, we said we'd be balanced between
revenue and sales. So one way of saying we think we're okay from an inventory standpoint by the end
of the year. Any actions that may be taken, we believe, are baked into the outlook, and so we'd say
pretty good. So obviously, what that means, if we're plus 12% for VF, the occupational business is really
elevated, right?

Now it's a unique model because in that business, you have specific customers. You have to -- it's all
about service. You maintain the inventory. And most of these agreements actually have a clause that says,
"Should there be excess at the end of the program, that they will buy that. They will take that inventory."
So it's good inventory, we just have too much of it, is the short answer. And as you can imagine, given
the actions that we recently announced, taking radical or very costly short-term actions to try to reduce
the inventory wouldn't make a whole lot of sense because it's good, quality inventory, and eventually, it's
going to be used. So hopefully, that gives the picture.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Jonathan Komp from Baird.

Jonathan Robert Komp
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Steve, maybe just to follow up more related to Timberland and portfolio management actions. I guess
it's very clear, your history when parts of the business aren't meeting your strategic and financial
goals, you've been very quick to take action. But in the case of like Timberland, where it very clearly
fits strategically, but is not necessarily hitting your financial goals. Could you maybe just talk more
philosophically about kind of your patience in willing to see things out? And any thoughts there?

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Sure. Well, I would start, our willingness to look at divestitures really has come online in the last 3 years.
So as we have made driving and shaping our portfolio our #1 strategic choice and really focusing now
on the parts of the market that we laid out with the total addressable market in Beaver Creek, how we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

characterize our brands as global, activity-based lifestyle brands that connect -- can connect directly with
consumers, with their predominance through their own and digital channels. That frame has helped us
really look at what brands we feel we're best at. Or said differently, where are we the best owner? And
where are we not the best owner? And what we've trimmed are really good brands, but brands that don't
really align with that long-term view.

To the point on Timberland, it absolutely aligns with the consumer, the position in the marketplace and
the ability to connect with consumers. My earlier points that we're disappointed in our ability to execute
and our conviction around the strategy that we have been working on, really, over the last 18 to 24
months that Martino articulated in Beaver Creek. We don't have endless patience. We certainly have a
very focused approach and clear sets of KPIs that we will look for our brand teams -- all brand teams to
deliver on a year-over-year basis.

But I really want you all to leave this call knowing that we are still deeply committed to the Timberland
brand. We understand where the issues are. My comments around not only the diversification of the
product, but the quality and the aesthetic of the product across all of the different growth drivers. We will
keep you very close on how we're doing there, we'll give you the proof points as this strategy starts to
take hold. But we do not have endless patience. And it is really around the proof points and the KPIs that
we work with on a year-over-year basis with our brands that will ultimately drive the decisions long term.

Jonathan Robert Komp
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Okay. That's very helpful. And then just separately, as you look out to 2021. I think this time last year, you
gave some high-level thoughts on a few of the brands for the year ahead, you think about this year. So
I'm just wondering, maybe outside of Timberland, just at a high level, is there anything across the brands
that you would think is kind of beyond -- or different than, maybe closer to the long-term plan that you've
laid out when you look across the brands? .

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Jonathan, not really. I mean, we fundamentally believe we're not in a different environment. We see
the long-range plan that we just talked about in September as intact. Now obviously, a few pieces are
moving, as I mentioned, I think on Binetti's question. Structurally, you're going to see with the sale of
occupational, that's a tailwind of growth. What we just talked about in Timberland is a bit of a headwind.
But overall, we don't see ourselves in a fundamentally different place.

And I'd just like to remind you, as you think about this year and the guidance change or the outlook
change that we just talked through, the uptick in Vans, the adjustment in Timberland, essentially are a
wash. And what's left is the occupational reduction. So using different words, if it weren't for occupational,
we'd still be in the range that we talked about 3 months ago, and I would say that's really the big picture.
So if you look at the ongoing algorithm for VF, which will obviously exclude the occupational work group,
we say, "Yes, evolved a little differently, but more -- we don't see anything fundamentally different on a
go-forward basis." But in 3 months, we'll be back. We'll give you guidance for next year and clean up the
details.

Operator

Our final question today is coming from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Scott, 2 questions for you. Just to follow-up one more time on the inventory, the slower-than-expected
growth. In that category, is that all cold weather? Is that outerwear? Or is that outerwear and footwear?
I'm just kind of curious if there's any more color you can kind of give there.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

And then any more color on the types of channels where that inventory or the slow-moving inventory was.
Was that broad-based? Was it your DTC? Was it department stores? Just any more color there would be
really helpful.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes, really, I'd say that, Ike, it was mixed is the answer. I mean, certain categories, we saw relatively
better sell-through. In others, we saw not quite as strong. Some of the more insulated colder-weather
jackets, as Steve mentioned, women's versus men's. And really, again, of course, Timberland having such
a large classic business, some of that classic boot inventory. Those are the main areas that I would say.
Most -- even retailer is a retailer. Some are in great shape. Some have relatively more, and we look at it.
Overall, we would say slightly elevated, right? Not a disaster, not a huge issue, but a little more than we
would like to see, and that's why we're taking some of the actions that I mentioned earlier.

And again, to the best of our knowledge, we've got it built into our outlook and we have a good path to
exit in good shape. Obviously, not all those levers are within our control. And in 3 months, we'll give you
an update on how that played out and give you an indication of where we stand going into next year.

Irwin Bernard Boruchow
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And then just one quick follow-up. Just when we think about what you're trying to monetize the
workwear asset for. Should we look at the Dickies transaction to give us some kind of guidance? I know
you can't tell us what you're trying to sell it for. But just kind of curious, the framework that maybe you're
using when you think about that.

Scott A. Roe
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Of course, I'm not going to negotiate against myself here. So -- but yes, you can look at comparable
transactions. I would say this, interestingly, the interest for this asset has been exceedingly high. And
frankly, higher than we expected, so both on the sponsor side and the strategic side. So we're optimistic,
but we'll -- let's see where that plays out. We'll have visibility to that in the next couple of months.

Operator

Thank you. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back
over to Steve for any further or closing comments.

Steven E. Rendle
Executive Chairman, President & CEO

Great. Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. Just going to reiterate, our third quarter
performance is strong, and our year-to-date results are at the high end of our long-term growth
objectives, and we're on track to deliver solid performance for this year.

As we look at the market signals that we continue to monitor, our focus on transforming to become more
consumer-minded, retail-centric and more hyper-digital in how we operate our business could not be
more timely. The moves we're making with our portfolio will allow us to have greater focus, not only by
management, but also how we invest against our brand properties, but also our transformation agenda to
put us in a much stronger position in the future as we drive against the LRP that we laid out for you all in
Beaver Creek.

We look forward to catching up with you all in May and giving you insight into how we look at fiscal 2021
and our continued drive against that long-range plan. Thanks.

Operator
Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have
a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

V.F. CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

