Verizon Communications Inc. NYSE:VZ
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, July 24, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.15

1.18

Revenue  (mm)

29991.65

30447.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jul-22-2020 3:51 AM GMT

2.61

1.52

1.21

4.75

4.88

31752.93

127927.85

132265.18

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.24

1.15

1.22

1.15

1.25

1.13

1.26

1.18

0.81 %

(1.74 %)

3.28 %

2.61 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Brady Connor
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Michael L. McCormack
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Peter Lawler Supino
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Verizon Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions]

Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.

It is now my pleasure to turn over the call to your host, Mr. Brady Connor, Senior Vice President, Investor
Relations.

Brady Connor
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. This is Brady Connor, and
I'm here with our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Hans Vestberg; and Matt Ellis, our Chief Financial
Officer.

As a reminder, our earnings release, financial and operating information and the presentation slides are
available on our Investor Relations website. A replay and transcript of this call will also be made available
on our website.

Before we get started, I'd like to draw your attention to our safe harbor statement on Slide 2. Information
in this presentation contains statements about expected future events and financial results that are
forward-looking and subject to risks and uncertainties. Discussion of factors that may affect future results
is contained in Verizon's filings with the SEC, which are available on our website.

This presentation contains certain non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP
measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the financial materials posted
on our website. Quarterly growth rates disclosed in our presentation slides and during our formal remarks
are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise noted as sequential.

Now let's take a look at consolidated earnings for the second quarter. In the second quarter, we reported
earnings of $1.13 per share on a GAAP basis. Reported results included a pretax loss from special items
of approximately $255 million, including a net pretax loss of $102 million related to early debt redemption
costs and a net charge of $153 million related to a mark-to-market adjustment for our pension liabilities.
Excluding the effect of these special items, adjusted earnings per share was $1.18 in the second quarter
compared to $1.23 a year ago.

Let's now move to Slide 4 and take a closer look at our second quarter earnings profile. Consistent with
the approach we have shown for several quarters, we have illustrated the ongoing impacts to earnings
from the adoption of accounting standard ASC 606 for revenue recognition in 2018. As a reminder, we
expect 2020 to be the final year that the adoption of this standard will have a material year-over-year
impact on our income statement.

As we illustrated in previous quarters, we realized a lesser benefit from the adoption of ASC 606 during
the second quarter compared to the prior year primarily due to the deferral of commission expense.
The reduction of the benefit realized creates a year-over-year headwind to both reported and adjusted
earnings per share, which will continue throughout 2020. The impact was $0.02 for the quarter and $0.05
year-to-date. For full year 2020, we continue to expect the headwinds from the deferral of commission
expense to be approximately $0.09.

Matt will go through the COVID impacts that we experienced throughout the quarter in detail in his
section. Overall, we estimate that there was a $0.14 headwind included in the reported and adjusted
EPS from COVID during the quarter. In addition, we recognized an aggregate tax benefit of $156 million
in connection with a series of legal entity restructurings related to an internal reorganization, which
resulted in a benefit of approximately $0.04 within our reported and adjusted EPS. While adjusted EPS

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

was down 4.1% in the second quarter as a result of the impact of COVID and ASC 606, we continue to see
underlying growth in our operations.

With that, I'll now turn the call over to Hans.

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Brady, and thank you, everyone, for joining this earnings call. Let me reiterate what I said in
the -- after the first quarter. We are in unprecedented times with multiple crises and a business that we
need to run at the same time. I can only say to all of you I'm extremely proud of how Verizon and our
employees have responded to all of it.

I think of this quarter as a quarter where the stakeholder capitalism strategy of Verizon really beared
fruit. I have reported many earnings calls in my life. This quarter comes together with good support to
our employees, a great support to our customers when it comes to our network and our flexibility, a big
contribution to our society when it comes to how we are acting and supporting the society in these tough
times, but also a very good and solid financial result for our shareholders. That's a really good sort of
ending of the second quarter or the first half of a very unprecedented year.

We have continued as a leadership team to work in a 3-pronged governance. Part of our team is working
with the daily crisis to see that we are doing the right things and with the right priorities in this pandemic,
economical downturn, racial injustice that is ongoing in the country. The second part is, of course, working
business as usual and seeing that we continue to lead and deliver results for all our stakeholders. And
finally, the third prong is to work with what are opportunities created from this pandemic, economical
downturn so we come out even stronger as a company after this, coming out to a new normal.

Our strategy and our underlying strategic priorities has not changed during this time. They have
reconfirmed that we are on the right path with our network and service and our go-to-market. Many of the
things that we outlined in the Verizon 2.0 are really playing a vital role for us being able to deliver to all
our stakeholders, especially to our customers in times like this.

One of the transformations was, of course, to have a purpose-driven company where our employees are
very engaged and excited of our future but also seeing that we're doing the right thing for our society.
If I look back on the first half and looking back on our response to the COVID-19, I think we have done
very well. We have decided to prioritize the health and safety of our employees. Not only that, we have
also started to return to office with very safe protocols to see that our employees actually can work in the
offices if they wanted to.

But if you then look at our frontline, which never closed and never worked from home, they have
continued to innovate. They innovate with curbside delivery in our stores, Fios in a box, et cetera. And
as Matt will later on talk about, we have seen a great uptake on those innovations when we look into the
latter part on the second quarter.

If we then talk about the racial injustice that we have seen in the country the last couple of months,
I'm also proud for how we have really brought that together with our team to discuss this, having a
conversation in the company but also with our partners and externally. No one can say we have done
enough, and we just need to continue to do that. At the same time, we have donated money for some of
the most important foundation that can support that transformation.

Finally, I am also proud that we have packaged all our activities that we are doing for our social
stakeholders in what we call the Citizen Verizon. I will not dwell on that today, but it's an important piece
of our overall strategy.

In addition to serving our employees and society, we have, of course, also been very focused on executing
on our core business and our core strategies and continued to develop our platform for the network and
service. I'm extremely pleased to report that once again, for the 25th time, we are winning the award for
the best LTE network from J.D. Power. I have to say the engineers in Verizon continue to amaze me, and
they will continue to do so in the future.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Remember, in February, we made some bold statements about our deployment of 5G in 2020, all the
way from mobile edge compute, 5G Home cities, 5x more small cells on 5G and some 60 cities on 5G
Ultra Wideband as well as a nationwide coverage on 5G with DSS. I'm happy to report we're on track on
that and in some cases, even ahead of the plan. We have continued to deploy our technology. Our test
with DSS is going very well. And as well, we have launched some of the 60 markets when it comes to
mobility and some additional markets on 5G Home. However, you're going to see that in the second half
of this year, we have a lot of new things happening and building on the foundation of the strategy and the
strategic priorities that Verizon has outlined in the last couple of years.

If you then look into the different segments. And first of all, starting with Verizon Consumer Group, in
the second quarter, continued to gain improvements when it comes to the customer loyalty, not only in
measurement but also by creating new services. We saw them coming out with a Verizon credit card in
the second quarter, and they continue to gain a lot of accounts based on their Mix & Match and the way
we have developed the ladder with different unlimited offerings. I'm really happy with what Ronan and
his team has done, and you're going to see in the financials and operating numbers that even with the
challenges we had, they have performed very well.

If you look at the Verizon Business Group that are in the middle of the transformation, and I have to say,
the way they are now dealing with customers are bearing a lot of fruit. They are progressing well with the
transformation, and I'm also happy to report the acquisition we did in the second quarter of BlueJeans are
performing well. And the growth, both on usage and new customers, are continuing to go very well. And
I was also happy last week to announce a large partnership with Airtel, one of the largest carriers in the
world, to use BlueJeans for their corporate customers in India.

Finally on the Verizon Business Group, 5G mobile edge compute, an important piece of our growth
strategy. We have said that we're going to have 10 5G mobile edge compute sites this year deployed.
And now we also start gearing up our partners. We have announced IBM and we also talked about SAP
as 2 very important application providers that's going to take part on our deployment and that we are
collaborating with right now. So we're creating a lot of excitement around the 5G mobile edge compute
and a lot more to come in the second half.

Finally, Verizon Media Group, of course, being impacted by the advertising market coming down. We see
them coming back a little bit in June. But anyhow, they have done also quite a lot of work to see that we
continue to create more monthly active users on our owned and operated properties. And they also made
an agreement with Walmart, which is, of course, one of the largest companies on earth to see that they
are using Yahoo Mail as a grocery and purchasing platform.

Finally, our financial team under Matt has continued to do good work on our balance sheet. We are coming
out from the quarter with elevated liquidity. But not only that, we have continued to work well on our net
debt, and we have reached credit metrics levels similar to pre-Vodafone level. So that's really good work
by the team.

If we look into the financials of the second quarter, and Matt will cover that in more length. I only want
to say that we had a very good quarter. We show resilience. Of course, there are challenges in certain
customer groups like Verizon Media Group small and medium businesses, but many others have actually
been performing well.

We also need to remember in the quarter, we have had not all our stores open when it comes to
consumers as well as limited sort of visiting hours, et cetera. However, if you see in the momentum we
created on the consumer side, we added 26,000 consumer postpaid accounts this quarter, which is, I
would say, good work compared to what we had lost 1 year ago in the second quarter. We also are on
historical lows on our churn. And all in all, that is giving us a good EBITDA in the Verizon Consumer Group.

Finally, I just want to highlight very strong cash flow. Of course, we have some extraordinary tax items
there, but in general, it was a strong cash flow quarter. And as Matt will talk about with you later, we have
not increased our bad debt reserves in the second quarter, and he will also allude to we have good metrics
when it comes to what happened in June compared to the rest of the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

So all in all, I think we have executed well for all our 4 stakeholders in this quarter. And by that, I hand it
over to Matt to go through the financials in more detail.

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Hans, and good morning, everyone. Let me echo what Hans said. The second quarter is
unlike any other we have seen, and I'm extremely proud of our team and our performance. The results
demonstrate the resiliency of our business and the agility of our employees to not only adapt to rapidly
changing conditions but to deliver for our customers and communities while also producing strong financial
results.

Due to the strength of our business model, we delivered $1.18 of adjusted earnings per share. This
includes an estimated net impact due to COVID of approximately $0.14, primarily driven by impacts to
wireless service revenue and lower advertising and search revenues from Verizon Media Group. While the
company's performance year-to-date has been strong, there is still a high degree of uncertainty regarding
when and how quickly the economy will recover. We are confident that we are implementing the right
approach to meet demand as consumer and business activity increases.

Let's begin with the review of our consolidated operating and financial results on Slide 7. In the second
quarter, consolidated operating revenues were $30.4 billion, down 5.1%. Results reflected significant
declines in wireless equipment revenue, which was down approximately 20% in the second quarter
primarily due to limited in-store engagement and the impact of COVID on customer behavior. As we
highlighted in the previous earnings call, consolidated wireless service revenue was impacted by the
commitments Verizon made to waive certain fees and provide additional data for our customers as well
as significant changes in customer roaming activity during the quarter. In addition, we experienced lower
advertising and search revenues within Verizon Media Group as customers scaled back their advertising
campaigns.

Including the impacts from COVID, adjusted EBITDA was $11.5 billion as compared to $12.1 billion in the
prior year. This is primarily the result of the wireless service revenue impacts and lower advertising and
search revenues. Second quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 37.9% as compared to 37.7% in the prior
year and includes headwinds of approximately 30 basis points from the deferral of commission expense
that Brady discussed earlier.

Through our Business Excellence program, we have realized cumulative cash savings of $7.2 billion and
remain on track to achieve our goal of $10 billion of cumulative cash savings by the end of 2021. We
will continue our focus on operational efficiencies even after the current target is achieved. The current
environment provides us with the opportunity to explore additional longer-term business transformation
initiatives and related cost savings.

Let's now turn to our segment results, starting with consumer group on Slide 8. Our consumer team
quickly pivoted to adapt to the new environment. In mid-March, we temporarily closed the majority of
company-operated retail stores and transitioned most of our employees to work from home, including
telesales and customer service roles. We optimized our sales channel to drive more activity through online
and through telesales while introducing touchless retail and curbside pickup to streamline the customer
experience as we reopened our retail stores.

People are depending on connectivity now more than ever, and they need reliability and quality of service.
And because of that, we are seeing them increasingly choose Verizon. For the quarter, we increased
postpaid customer accounts by 26,000 as compared to a loss of 34,000 in the prior year, highlighting the
momentum in the business and value of the Verizon customer experience. We have seen activity levels
increase during the quarter with an expansion of overall volumes in May and June.

Customer retention is at an all-time high and is both a function of customer activity as well as a testament
to the Verizon network performance and customer experience. As a result, postpaid phone net adds
were 97,000 for the quarter as compared to 73,000 in the prior year while phone gross adds were down
approximately 26%. We experienced phone churn of 0.51%, an improvement of 21 basis points from a

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

year ago. Our retail postpaid upgrade rate remained low at 3.9% during the quarter, contributing to the
decline in wireless equipment revenue.

Fios Internet net additions of 10,000 were down sequentially and year-over-year as Fios installations were
limited during the quarter due to temporary restrictions put in place on work inside customers' homes.
Our team responded with innovative solutions in developing self-installed capabilities, and beginning in
June, we resumed technician in-home visits across our footprint. Fios Video net losses were consistent
with previous quarters as cord-cutting trends continued.

Now let's move to Slide 9 to discuss the consumer financial performance. Consumer operating revenues
were down 4%, primarily driven by a significant decrease in wireless equipment revenue due to low
activation levels. This decrease was offset partly by growth of 15% in other revenue, primarily driven by
recurring services such as device protection. Wireless service revenue was down 2.7%, primarily driven by
declines in roaming, usage and waived fees that accounted for approximately 320 basis points of pressure
in the quarter.

Consumer EBITDA margin was 47.0%, which was up 50 basis points from the prior year and includes
approximately 40 basis points of headwind from the deferral of commission expense. Margins benefited
from lower equipment volumes in the quarter though, as a reminder, lower equipment revenue has a
limited impact on consumer EBITDA dollars as the segment primarily operates on a device payment
model.

Now let's move to Slide 10 to review the business group results. Reliable and secure connectivity have
never been more critical as companies continue to adapt to new ways to support their employees while
simultaneously driving their businesses forward. During the quarter, our business team responded to
the challenges of COVID, handling increased traffic needs while also meeting a surge in demand for
connectivity and devices, particularly from public sector and enterprise clients.

While wireless demand remained high throughout the quarter in public sector, we experienced offsetting
pressures in both small and medium business as well as global enterprise. As a result, segment phone
gross adds were down approximately 17% from the prior year, contributing to postpaid phone net adds
of 76,000, down from 171,000 in the year-ago period. Business segment phone churn of 0.90% in the
quarter was down 7 basis points year-over-year, driven by strength in public sector.

Let's now move to Slide 11 to review the business financial performance. Total operating revenues for the
business segment were down 3.7% from the prior year. Wireless revenue was down year-over-year due to
declines in wireless equipment revenue offset by 3.1% growth in wireless service revenue primarily driven
by small and medium businesses as well as public sector customers. Wireless service revenue growth
included approximately 400 basis points of headwinds from lower roaming and usage revenues in the
quarter, which are likely to continue in the third quarter.

Suspended lines as a percentage of the base have come off the highs we saw early in the quarter but
remain above pre-COVID levels. The likelihood of these lines to turn into active status is primarily a
function of macroeconomic conditions and will be a significant factor in upcoming wireless service revenue
growth rates.

Operating revenues were also impacted by legacy wireline declines. However, global enterprise wireline
revenue was nearly flat in the quarter, a significant improvement, primarily resulting from strong demand
for advanced communication services during the pandemic. Business EBITDA margin in the quarter
was 26.2% as compared to 27.3%, which included approximately 20 basis points of headwind from the
deferral of commission expense.

Now let's move on to Slide 12 to discuss Verizon Media Group. As expected, the economic environment
around COVID had a meaningful impact on both search and advertising performance in the quarter. Total
revenue is $1.4 billion, down 24.5% compared to last year, primarily as a result of COVID-related impacts.

We continue to drive increased customer engagement on our owned and operated properties and saw
monthly active users up approximately 4% with strength in both Yahoo! Finance and News, which were
up 45% and 25%, respectively. For the quarter, we added 1/3 more client accounts on our demand side

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

platform compared to the prior year and signed key partnerships with leading content and e-commerce
companies. As a combination of this strong momentum, Verizon Media won Adweek Readers' Choice: Best
of Tech Partner Awards for all 4 nominated categories, DSP, SSP, ad network video and ad network mobile.

Let's now move to Slide 13 for a quick look at the overall wireless performance. Slide 13 shows the key
metrics and financial data of the combined wireless products and services for the consumer and business
segments for the second quarter. Total wireless service revenue was down 1.7% over the prior year,
including the headwinds mentioned in both the consumer and business segments. Phone gross adds were
down 23.3% while phone net adds were 173,000 as compared to 244,000 in the prior year. Phone churn
was 0.58%, down 18 basis points from the prior year. Additional details are provided in the financial and
operating information and our supplemental earnings release schedules on our website.

Now let's review our cash flow and balance sheet for the quarter on Slide 14. Year-to-date cash flow from
operating activities totaled $23.6 billion, an increase of $7.7 billion from the prior year. The year-over-
year growth was driven by strong performance in the business as well as nonrecurring items and timing
differences. These items include the COVID-related postponements of approximately $2.0 billion of second
quarter tax payments to July 15, the receipts of the previously disclosed $2.2 billion cash tax benefit
related to preferred shares in a foreign affiliate sold during the fourth quarter of last year, improvements
in working capital primarily due to lower volumes and payments related to the voluntary separation plan in
2019 that did not repeat this year.

Capital spending for the first half of the year totaled $9.9 billion, which was up approximately $1.9
billion year-over-year. At the beginning of the year, we indicated that we expected capital spending to be
more front-end loaded, and we see that in our first half results. Our capital expenditures further support
capacity to traffic growth across our networks while we continue to deploy more fiber and additional cell
sites to expand our 5G rollout. We maintain our full year 2020 CapEx guidance of $17.5 billion to $18.5
billion.

The net result of cash flow from operations and capital spending is free cash flow for the first half of the
year of $13.7 billion, a year-over-year increase of 74%. Despite the pandemic, our balance sheet was
further strengthened in the quarter. We continue to operate with elevated liquidity levels, which we believe
is appropriate in this environment.

During the quarter, we further lowered maturities through year-end 2022 by $3.8 billion with liability
management transactions, which also improved overall portfolio borrowing costs. We now have no
unsecured bond maturities for the remainder of this year and less than $1 billion in 2021. Overall net debt
for the quarter decreased sequentially by $5.7 billion. Net unsecured debt totaled $94.4 billion for the
quarter, resulting in a net unsecured debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of about 2.0x, down slightly from last
quarter.

Though we are at the high end of our targeted range of 1.75x to 2.0x, we continue to manage our balance
sheet under our capital allocation policy. Our estimate of the leverage ratio Standard & Poor's uses for
their credit rating analysis is now less than their boundary for an A- rating. Therefore, we have now met
our commitment to return to our pre-Vodafone credit rating profile.

Let's move on to Slide 15 to take a deeper look at the trends we have seen exiting the second quarter.
This slide highlights select key metrics and year-over-year results for both the full quarter and the month
of June. Our various customer groups experienced a wide range of trends in customer demand during the
quarter and exited the period with different trajectories.

As restrictions began to ease during the second quarter, we gradually started reopening our company-
operated stores with limited hours and our new touchless retail approach to further employee and
customer safety. At quarter end, more than 60% of our stores were opened, up from roughly 30% in April,
and we expect to be close to fully opened by the end of July, conditions permitting. As a result, we exited
the quarter with significantly better levels of consumer activity than at the beginning of the quarter.

Consumer postpaid wireless gross adds declined approximately 21% in June, a material improvement
over the decline seen in April. In June, upgrades were relatively flat versus the prior year given pent-up

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

demand, the availability of more 5G devices and a new lower-priced iPhone. Despite the increased gross
add activity, churn remained historically low in June.

In Fios, we transitioned from an initial period of not performing installations to the introduction of Fios
in a box in late April, to having technicians resume entering customer homes in the beginning of June.
And we are constructively working to bring our installation pipeline to normal levels. This activity led to a
significant improvement in Fios Internet gross adds in June, which has carried into July.

In our business group, we have separated results for the different customer groups as they experienced
different trends. We continue to see significant pressures in small and medium business. June gross add
declines of approximately 23% for small and medium business were in line with the impacts experienced
at the onset of the pandemic while phone churn was marginally higher. Similar to consumer, upgrade
activity was more robust in June. While we are encouraged by the June trends, we may see ongoing
impacts to this cohort.

In April, we highlighted the surge in demand of connectivity within our public sector and certain global
enterprise customers. As we exit the quarter, we continue to see robust demand for both phones and
connected devices within the public sector. In global enterprise, we experienced a year-over-year
reduction in wireless volumes beginning in mid-April but exit the quarter with improvement in gross add
activity. We remain committed to serving the needs of these important customers, including all those on
the frontline as they continue to adapt to new ways of doing business.

Throughout the quarter, we made a number of voluntary commitments, most notably participating in
the FCC's Keep Americans Connected Pledge, to ease the impact on consumers and small businesses
by waiving various fees, agreeing not to disconnect eligible customers for nonpayment and providing
increased data to metered customers, among other initiatives. The effect of these commitments, along
with reductions in roaming and other usage-based activity, resulted in headwinds on total wireless service
revenue in the quarter that were in line with the expectation shared on our first quarter earnings call.

Ongoing impacts to customer behavior from the pandemic mean that usage-based revenue, including
roaming revenue and travel pass, is likely to be suppressed for some time. And we expect total wireless
service revenue in the third quarter to increase sequentially and for the year-over-year growth rate to
improve from the second quarter and be within a range of negative 1% to flat. We are encouraged by
the payment trends of consumers and small businesses that opted into the Keep Americans Connected
Pledge, with the majority of these accounts making some payments while under the pledge and more than
1/3 of such accounts current at the end of the pledge. At this time, we have taken no additional bad debt
reserve.

We continue to monitor payment trends and will reassess as needed. We are working with affected
customers and have a long and successful track record in this area. These customers value the
communication services that are vital to their everyday lives, and we value the longevity of these
relationships. To that end, we have enrolled many impacted customers in a repayment program beginning
in July, providing extended terms for past due service and device payments. We believe the vast majority
of these accounts can be cured over time but it will heavily depend on the macroeconomic environment.

As previously mentioned, declines in Verizon Media revenue were consistent with the anticipated range
provided in April, although trends improved in June and were down approximately 19% as compared to
the prior year. Advertising is rebounding faster than search, with strength in our owned and operated
properties. Given this trajectory, we anticipate that the revenue decline percentage in Verizon Media will
be in the teens in the third quarter.

Now let's go to Slide 16 to discuss our guidance and outlook for 2020. We are very pleased with
the momentum we saw building throughout the quarter, but I would also note that a fair amount of
uncertainty remains in the operating environment particularly as many states now confront rising COVID
cases and some are reimposing restrictions. The second quarter demonstrated our ability to produce
strong earnings even in a challenging operating environment.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

We are maintaining the outlook provided in April for adjusted EPS to be within a range of negative 2% to
positive 2% for the full year. It is important to note that our guidance assumes no significant deterioration
to the macroeconomic environment or material changes to our bad debt reserves. Guidance for other
income statement items, including depreciation and amortization, interest expense and the adjusted
effective tax rate, remain unchanged from our initial outlook.

As mentioned previously, we are maintaining our full year CapEx guidance of $17.5 billion to $18.5 billion.
At the beginning of the year, we communicated expectations of CapEx to be front-end loaded in 2020, and
that is exactly what we have seen. We continue to have good access to the supply chain for equipment
and related items and remain confident we can achieve our build-out plans for the year.

In summary, I am proud of this team's performance in the second quarter, adapting to unprecedented
circumstances while continuing to make strides moving our business forward. Our balance sheet remains
strong and provides us confidence to continue to invest in the business while also supporting all of our
stakeholders.

With that, I'll turn it over to Hans to discuss our priorities for the remainder of the year.

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Matt. And let me summarize a little bit where I think we stand when we're now entering the
second half of 2020. First of all, I think we are entering with strong fundamentals. We have the network
that is performing very well. I talked about the J.D. Power, and the LTE network is really performing well.

We're entering the second part of 2020 with a growth mindset with a lot of key strategic partnership as
well as activities. Our 5G are, of course, of essence coming into the second half but has already been
built in as we are building so much in the first half. The way we have been dealing with the pandemic and
all the other crisis will continue, of course, in the second half. And I think we are coming in with a good
foundation, with a strong brand, but also a strong employee sentiment, how we are actually dealing with
the situation.

And as I said before, Matt has prepared the balance sheet for us to be strong when it comes to going into
the second half. And if I look into the second half of 2020, we are, of course, excited for scaling the 5G to
nationwide, scaling the Ultra Wideband to over 60 cities, scaling the 5G Home to more than 10 cities and
of course, start monetizing that. That's going to be a key focus for our executive team as well as capturing
all the opportunities especially on the 5G mobile edge compute with our business-to-business applications
and the way we're working with our partners as well as the partners that we have acquired like BlueJeans.

Finally, we also have a lot of customer innovation when it comes to our Mix & Match as well as how we're
seeing that our customer can follow us on the journey all the way from the metered plan up to unlimited
plan. And as we've heard previously, the way that Ronan and the Verizon Consumer Group has been
working in the second quarter, we have continued to gain success with our unlimited. Our customers are
moving together with us up the ladder.

And we also continued expanding into new customer groups with Visible, Yahoo Mobile and others. And we
are working to see that we are addressing the full market and the opportunities regardless how the second
half will look like in 2020. So all in all, I think we are in a very good position for executing and leveraging
all the things we now have prepared in the last 18 months.

So by that, let me kick it back to Brady for starting the Q&A.

Brady Connor
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes. Thanks, Hans. And just a quick note before we get into Q&A, I just want to remind everybody we're
in a quiet period for CBRS given the auction and the anti-collusion. So the comments we make around
spectrum will be very limited.
With that, Angela, let's get started and take the first question.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Simon Flannery of Morgan Stanley.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matt, thanks for all the color on the trends in June, very helpful. I wonder if you could unpack the $0.14 of
COVID impacts. And how much of that is sort of particular to Q2 with the Keep America Connected plan?
And what elements do you think will continue on into Q3 and beyond?

And related to the outlook, you did talk about some of the SMB pressures, but generally, global enterprise
wireline revenues were holding up given presumably some increased demand for capacity, et cetera. But
how are you seeing -- we've seen stories about IT budgets getting cut. Are you seeing any signs that we
may see more pressure on that side in the second half of the year?

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

I can start, and Matt will chip in. I can say that in the quarter, Simon, we have met so many enterprise
customers. And yes, there are, of course, some that are more hit than others that, of course, have their
recourse on the IT budget. But the majority of the large enterprises, they feel that this is the time to
digitalize. This is the time to actually use the momentum to be more digital using capabilities all the way
from SD-WAN to video conferencing to 5G mobile edge compute. So I actually see a very good momentum
with this type of customers, and I just wanted to chip in there before Matt comes in and comment to
COVID-19 impacts. So Matt?

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Hans. Thank you, Simon, for the question. So $0.14 of impact from COVID in the quarter, the
vast majority of that is driven by revenue, both service revenue within the wireless side of the business,
predominantly in consumer, but some in business and then also the impact in Verizon Media Group. So the
service revenue, obviously, there was a couple of major components to that. One is the actions we took,
we've talked about the Keep Americans Connected Pledge; but also the increases to customer data plans,
those who aren't on unlimited. We had that during the course of the quarter as well. And then you had the
impact from customer behavior, primarily around roaming.

So when -- as you think about coming into the third quarter, as we said, we expect service revenue to be
better in 3Q than it was 2Q, getting closer to flat on a year-over-year basis versus the negative 1.7%.
That's going to come from growing the accounts, growing the net adds that we had coming through,
but also because we don't have all of those things taking place in the third quarter at the moment that
we had in 2Q. But we do also expect customer behavior to continue to reflect what's going on. So we
certainly don't expect roaming revenues to be at the levels they would have been without COVID. That will
continue.

And then you mentioned on the business side, especially within SMB, that's a customer group we're paying
close attention to in terms of how they navigate this obviously very difficult environment, working very
closely with them. But certainly, there could be some pressure there. But all in all, the pressures that we
saw in the quarter from COVID were as expected. And so we'll have some of those as we continue into Q3
and see some improvements in other areas as well.

Simon William Flannery
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And so it will be below $0.14, but will still be sort of incurring impacts...

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

Well, we'll wait and see how the environment plays out here. But certainly, we can -- some of the things,
we'd expect to be a little bit better. As we mentioned on Verizon Media Group, they were negative 25% in
revenue in Q2. We said we expect that to be in the teens in 3Q. That should give less of an impact there.

Service revenue, we hope we'd see a lower impact, but we'll see how the quarter plays out. Obviously,
over the past 30 days or so, we've added a level of uncertainty to the forward view with everything -- the
number of COVID cases around the country. So we'll see how the quarter plays out here.

Operator

Our next question comes from David Barden of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

David William Barden
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I guess I want to follow up on that answer, Matt. Obviously, at the top line, we're seeing some sequential
improvement. The question I think that people have is, as we start to see the equipment revenue
velocity -- or the equipment volume velocity improve in the third quarter, are we going to see an equal or
potentially even offsetting effect on margins as we kind of look ahead?

And then I guess the second question I'd have would be just kind of zooming out a little bit and thinking
about the 5G millimeter wave. Obviously, the critique has been that 5G millimeter wave availability is not
that great. Is there any way that you guys can kind of offer some kind of metric or some kind of KPI on 5G
millimeter wave availability in the markets where you put it out so we can kind of measure its growth?

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

David, let me start on the millimeter wave discussion about that. So as I said, we are on plan to deploy
more than 5x more millimeter wave base station this year compared to last year. So the footprint will be
much broader. And we will be into 60 cities, and those cities will be much more covered than they were
last year.

So -- and we are disclosing that -- usually on a fairly frequent basis, how that map is growing. As you've
seen, we have launched fairly few markets in the first half when it comes to the 60. So you should expect
quite a lot of noise from us in the second half, and we're really excited about that.

But you also need to think about our model will also include the nationwide. So think about our model
being a millimeter wave that is transformative. No one is even close to it in the world. Then we will
have a national coverage on top of that. And then in the bottom, we have the best 4G network in the
world. I mean I don't think that our customer would be disappointed with that. We build things that are
transformative, that are so different than the others.

So I would be excited for the second year if I would be you. I mean this is time when it's crunch time for
Verizon. We have been here -- I've been talking about this for 1.5 years. I think our customers will be very
excited in the second half. Matt?

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So David, your question around equipment volume, certainly, we saw in June an improvement in
the volumes across both consumer and business on the wireless side. But I don't expect that to have a
material impact on volumes in the third quarter versus the second quarter. And that's largely because of
the way we do the accounting now and being on the device payment plan model.

So you have -- if you get that increase in equipment revenue, you also get kind of a very similar increase
in -- on the expense side. And even any higher commissions and so on under 606 now get recognized over

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

the expected life of that customer. So the increase in volumes should not be causing a significant change
in the margin, a hit to the margin there that -- as you phrased in the question.

One area where the volumes do maybe have any EPS or EBITDA impact is in especially enterprise and
public sector, where you still have some of those sales on a subsidy model. But overall, the vast majority
of our wireless business is now on device payment. And then you get a much closer matching of the
revenues and the expenses. So I'm not expecting to see a significant headwind to the EBITDA in 3Q as
volumes pick up.

Operator

Our next question comes from Brett Feldman of Goldman Sachs.

Brett Joseph Feldman
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

And I was hoping we could just follow up again on the outlook for improving wireless service revenue
growth in the third quarter. It sounds like from your comments you're not expecting any further pressures
from fees and usage-based revenues. And so I was hoping you could talk about what's going on with the
mix at an ARPA level. Are you seeing customers continuing to upgrade into unlimited plans? Or has that
slowed? And really, what's your outlook for what that pace of upgrading is going to be?

And then you did talk about the efforts you're making to help customers who've had payment issues. Can
you give us any update on the number of accounts who are in some type of payment program? And I
think that the thing most people are really interested in is how many customers have fully stopped making
payments at this point in time. And what are your assumptions about how you're going to manage that
base in the third quarter as you structure that outlook?

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

Matt, I think you are on mute.

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

All right. There we go. I forgot to come off mute. So Brett, as you -- thanks for the question. As you think
around service revenue, it starts with having more customers as we come into the third quarter than the
second quarter. I mean you saw the 173,000 adds in the quarter and especially the 97,000 in consumer
and adding accounts. So that obviously is going to help us sequentially with billing those customers.

You mentioned some of the fees. We'll see how those play out, but certainly, that will be a factor. The
usage from a roaming standpoint, we don't expect to see that get sequentially better as a large part of our
roaming revenue is international, and we don't expect either business or personal travel to be at the levels
this year -- it was last year for some time.

So all of those things will play in to service revenue being up sequentially. But it starts from increasing the
base of our customers as we've done for a long time now, and that will continue to be the largest driver.
We still have the ability to upgrade customers to unlimited. We made further progress on doing that during
the course of the quarter and now well over 50% of our base on unlimited. There's still opportunity to step
more customers up there as we go forward.

Pivoting to your questions around the customer payments and where we are with the Keep Americans
Connected Pledge. Obviously, that pledge ended as of June 30. We ended at around 1.5 million accounts.
It was right in line with our expectations 90 days ago.

I'd tell you what's most encouraging though is what we're seeing in terms of payment patterns from
the customers. We have approximately 1/3 of the customers are current as of the end of June. I said
in the comments that the vast majority have made some payments during that time period. I mean it's
more than 80% of those customers -- those wireless customers who took the pledge have been making

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

payments. So I am very, very encouraged by what we've seen, and my expectation is the vast majority of
these customers will be customers of ours a year from now.

Operator

Our next question comes from Phil Cusick of JPMorgan.

Philip A. Cusick
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

First, following up on that last comment, Matt. So have you contacted everyone at this point as you've
gone through July? And I think I believe you're on sort of a 60-day cutoff cycles at this point, so you would
know by September 1, give or take, who of the pledges is going to come out or not.

And then for Hans, can you talk about sort of CapEx priorities and maybe how things might shift over the
next year, assuming you get more mid-band spectrum? I know you can't talk too much about spectrum
but how may capital spending shift there.

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

Phil, thank you for the question. So I'll go first on the follow-up question, then Hans can get on to
CapEx. So here's what we did at the end of the quarter. For those customers who weren't current -- as I
mentioned, more than 1/3 of them were current. So we saw the customers want to continue to pay for
the service they get from us. We have a well-established process for customers who late pay. We do this
every day. We've done it for years. But what we did for these customers in the Keep Americans Connected
Pledge, we rolled them into a program that took whatever balance they had built up at the end of the
pledge and put it to be paid off over a number of months. And so we've applied that to them.

As you said, because of the billing cycle and so on, we won't get to see where they are here for another
few weeks. We're watching that closely. But as I mentioned, we've seen obviously an intent for these
customers to continue to pay. We have a great track record of working with customers and when they
have difficult personal circumstances, helping them get back current over time and allowing them to
remain customers, and I expect nothing different with this group of customers in this situation.

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

Thank you. And about the CapEx, I mean, I'm just looking back at 3 years I have been in Verizon. Even
though the overall absolute number of CapEx has been very stable, what is inside is dramatically changed
all the time because we, together with our engineering team, is all the time doing the right priorities,
given the assets we have. I mean you think -- 1 year ago, we didn't talk about DSS. But of course, our
team was working to prepare all the networks so we can actually deploy DSS in all the radio base stations
we have.

So we constantly are ahead of the game, thinking where -- what is needed to be preparing for the
network. So I think -- but right now, our focus is very much about the commitment we have to our
customers when it comes to 5G but also to keeping the best network on 4G. That's where we have it, and
then do that fiber reach.

Those are the priorities, and it will continue. So then in the speculation on future spectrum or something,
that's a little bit early to have right now. But I can tell you my team is always proactively thinking about
how to do this network to continue to be the best in America. I mean there's no debate about that. And I
have a high confidence that they will continue to do so when it comes to our CapEx allocation as well.

Operator

The next question comes from John Hodulik of UBS.

John Christopher Hodulik
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Maybe a question about wireless competition. Obviously, T-Mobile just did some refreshing of their low-
end pricing. Do you guys see this as sort of something new or aggressive? Or is it just sort of regular
course of business?

And then as we look out into the second half, obviously, the industry has been talking about 5G for a
while. We sort of had some pent-up demand given the low upgrades. Do you guys see the launch of the
5G iPhone, which looks like it's been kicked out into the fourth quarter, as a sort of a big event for the
industry and one where -- similar to what happened with the LTE iPhone, an opportunity for Verizon to
take share?

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, John. First of all, I mean, I think we're as prepared as we can be. I mean we have prepared
ourselves with our models when it comes to Mix & Match on the consumer side. We have taken out costs.
We have the best network. I feel very good about the competition.

I mean we have always had competition. This is nothing new. And so I think Ronan and the team, because
that's primarily where, I guess, your question is related to, I think they're well prepared. And as I said,
I'm really excited for our second half and what we are doing right now. And we are prepared for it.

And when it comes to 5G phones from Apple, I cannot comment on that. But of course, it's a big event
whenever it comes because the U.S. market has a very high penetration on IOS. And of course, customers
are reluctant to change between the different operating systems. So that's why 5G from Apple is a very
important event. And especially if you have built a network like us, where it's so transformative that
so many customers will be able to feel that transformation and that's different in usage of the network
compared to some other networks, that will be not a big difference. So I'm excited. I think Ronan is super
excited for going in the second half and compete. And we have been prepared for this for years. So -- and
we have been doing it for years.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Rollins of Citi.

Michael Ian Rollins
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Two, if I could. First, as you've done more with service bundling with things like Disney+, can you share
some of the results of customers entering into those bundles and how it's affecting the economics of your
customers?

And second, if I go back to when you talked about 5G in the past, you outlined some time frames of when
you thought there'd be material financial contributions to the consumer and business segments. And as
we're getting closer to those points in time, I was curious if you can give us an update on where that
stands and maybe some examples of the way that you're anticipating getting that monetization in each of
the consumer and business segments.

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Michael. Good questions. On the first one, on the bundling we're doing, I think this is a key
differentiator for us. We have been able to do partnership with the greatest brands that we have on earth
and combining that with the best network, the best brand and our distribution. And as I said several times
before, our metrics has proven to be far better than we even initially thought, meaning how many is
taking the premium from the beginning and how many were converting to paying customers.

But not only that, I mean, it tells you a difference when you start comparing to competition. What do you
get when you work with Verizon? You get not only the best network, you get some of the best services
that are running at the moment. And I think that's unique for us, and that's why if you look at our churn
numbers, we are record low. I mean I think that hangs together for us, and we will continue to do so.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

But we are very picky who we are choosing. It has to be the right brand. It has to be addressing our full
customer base, that they really appreciate it.

So again, the Verizon Consumer Group with the lead of Ronan and all the team, they are working with
it daily. And I would say we have many services that want to join us because they have seen the model
panning out in a very good fashion. I mean the examples, you are mentioning Disney+ or Apple Music,
both of them have, I would say, been very successful for both parties, and that's how we see it.

And for the 5G, when it comes to our commitment and what we outlined when it comes to our revenues,
we have not changed those. Those are the same. We are gearing for sort of the consumer part of it,
home and mobility, in '21 to see some revenues from there or -- and then in '22 from the 5G mobile edge
compute. But you're going to see much more sort of milestones right now of customers, sites and all the
early indicators of that -- we're heading into that. And that's what we're trying to provide you with.

You see that now we are preparing for that with announcement. I mean if you think about the mobile edge
compute, I mean just the last week, we announced partnership with IBM and with SAP. That's going to be
part of the fiber -- the mobile edge compute in order to serve our customers. So you're going to see that's
how we are doing sort of laying out early indicators on that path to revenue that we have outlined both
internally as well as externally.

Operator

Our next question comes from Craig Moffett with MoffettNathanson.

Craig Eder Moffett
MoffettNathanson LLC

Hans, I want to stay with the same theme as the last few questions where we talk about 5G. You've talked
a lot about mobile edge compute. But I wonder if you could just -- sort of 2 things. First, drill down a little
bit into the actual use cases for 5G that you're seeing from your, particularly, business customers that
are -- that you think are starting to materialize. And then just -- I wonder if you could just talk about the
health of your customers and I think, in particular, about municipalities and cities and towns for some of
those applications where budgets are now very perilous, but even large enterprises where they're seeing
big downturns because of the recession and how much that really affects the likely uptake of 5G in terms
of time lines.

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Craig. Good questions. Let me start at the last question, and I'll come back to the other. When
we see the customers -- I think that, first of all, when it comes to our governmental business, as you
have seen, that has been really going well for the last few quarters here in the pandemic. Many of these
states, municipalities, of course, need to go to new models of delivering services to the students or to
the community at large. And that's why we have seen -- I mean we just announced yesterday several
different states that are now using our services for remote learning, for example.

So there, we see that there is a craving for actually going to digitalization. That's the only way, and that's
not a onetime thing. For me, I think it's a new normal. We're going to see that going over. So I'm really
encouraged about that and our strength working with these customers.

Then, of course, there are some advanced customers. I mean you saw also earlier this week, we, together
with the Defense Department, are now doing 5G tests, et cetera. So they're also both advanced, but also
-- so there, I feel really good. We have a really good go-to-market. We have great network, which is the
main thing here.

Then on the enterprise side, you're absolutely right. Here you see a divider. I mean, of course, the travel
enterprises, the airlines companies, the restaurants, large enterprises, they, of course, are in furlough
and actually trying to reduce their cost as much as possible. But on the other hand, you have the large
enterprise that actually see the change -- see the opportunity right now to transform. I probably do 5 to 7

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

large enterprises executive meetings per week right now, discussing how to do the digitalization of these
enterprises. And many of them are accelerating the plans rather than delaying them. Then, of course, we
know a lot of infrastructure is already in place on these enterprises, so still it takes time to do it. And this
can be SD-WAN, video conferencing, fiber or whatever. So it's core things we sell today.

Then you come to the 5G mobile edge compute. I think that the use cases we see today is very much
real-time decision-making. If that's a big distribution center, that's going to have 5G-enabled distribution
center to actually take real-time decisions. Or if it's a big manufacturing plant, that's going to use 5G
mobile edge compute by wirelessly connecting to all the robotics. We're in many of those cases. And then
you also see cases where sort of IoT devices with 5G will actually enable a new way of delivering a service.
And finally, the whole VR and AR for large enterprises, where you need a low latency on the campus or on
the -- in the manufacturing or whatever it might be.

Those are the early cases. Many of them right now are based on low latency. We see it creeping into
security because the data can then be contained with the company, meaning they can actually process
and have all the processing and storage at the edge, which means they can keep the data for themselves.
So those 2 capabilities are the first ones. I think in the next, we're going to see enormous bandwidth of
enterprise that needs to send a lot of data to the edge in order to take decisions. But so far, latency and
security, that's how the 5G mobile edge compute scenarios are working out.

And we basically have 2, 3 -- or 2, I would say, industry vertical that are lead customer for us, and we
work with them to do the solutions. And sometimes we're a third party as we don't have all application
all set. That's how we're working it right now. And I'm encouraged. And of course, as I said before,
acceleration has been seen because all the digitalization and touchless, that is needed going forward.

Operator

Our next question comes from Mike McCormack of Guggenheim.

Michael L. McCormack
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Hans, maybe just a quick comment again on the enterprise side. So it sounds like you're not seeing any
sort of delayed decision-making contracts that have been in process or still going through.

And then secondly, one of your competitors was talking about 5G as a home broadband replacement, not
really being such a great replacement. Any thoughts around that? And then I guess, does that change any
of your view on the importance of Fios going forward?

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

On the enterprise, I mean, to some extent, you are right because certain customers are delaying and not
doing decisions. Those are usually in industries that has huge impact from COVID-19. That's extremely
clear.

But we work with them anyhow because ultimately, they are going to be our customers when these come
out and those industries will flourish. So we are resilient. We support our customers in good and bad
times. And that -- our business model is actually working in good and bad times, which is really, really
good. So that's working.

The comments on 5G Home from people that are not really doing it, of course, I cannot even comment on
that. We feel really good about our model. As we have said before, minimum of 10 5G Home cities. We're
going to have the CPE with much better chipset. That's on plan for this second half. So again, we feel good
about it.

Our learnings are deep on building coverage, throughputs and all of that. And the self-install, which I
have been talking about now for 1.5 years, which excites me that our customers should be able to receive
the gear, the CPE and be able to install it themselves in a short time frame. It's not that I'm down to the
times that I have envisioned. I want it to be below 1 hour, but we have come far away from the 8 hours

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

we started with. And compared to fiber installation, where you need to first put it on the agenda, you wait
for a couple of weeks, then you have to come there and install it and it takes hours to do, this is a totally
different way. It's transformative. As I said, we are building 5G that's transformative, not the me-too to
my 4G.

Brady Connor
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Thanks, Mike. And hey, a special shout out to Mike today. I heard it's his birthday. So happy birthday,
Mike.

Michael L. McCormack
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Thank you.

Operator

Our next question comes from Peter Supino of Bernstein.

Peter Lawler Supino
Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division

On 5G Home, wondering, as you look out at the arrival of the high-powered CPE, which I think comes
in Q4, what the key unanswered questions are for you in terms of performance and unit economics that
would allow you to speak a bit more clearly about expectations. And I'm curious whether you think it can
scale in 2021.

Hans E. Vestberg
Chairman & CEO

I think we have answered the majority of the questions when it comes to how we can scale. And there
are always things -- I mean we are at the forefront on technology. We're first in the world doing this, and
there's no one even close of thinking like this. So of course, there are challenges.

We as an executive team, we sit down once a month, the whole executive team, reviewing all these with
our engineers to be better, all the way from the installation to the marketing. So I feel that we have a
good plan. Of course, there are still things outstanding, and we can do better over time. But I think we're
in a good place to relaunch. When the more powerful CPE is coming, that's what -- that should enable us
to go into 2021 with a better understanding how we can scale it and where we will scale it.

I think one thing that we have learned also is that, of course, fixed wireless access, we think a lot
about consumers. But there is an opportunity clearly when you see this also as a fixed wireless access
opportunity for small and medium business, et cetera, that we will start working on later on.

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

Peter, it's Matt. Just a couple of follow-ups there. One, remember, you're driving these revenues off of
the same network that you're getting 5G mobility revenues on. So this is the first time we've had that
opportunity to drive multiple revenue streams off of the same investment. And so as we roll out the
network, we'll have the opportunity to add more market share. And so we're very excited about that as we
head into '21 with the progress we're making this year.

Operator

Our last question comes from Colby Synesael of Cowen.

Colby Alexander Synesael
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

I have 2 for Matt, if I can. One, just given the various moving parts as it relates to free cash flow and
some of the bigger benefits you saw in the second quarter that were onetime, I was wondering if you can
give us some color on what free cash flow could look like for the back half of the year; more simplistically,
whether or not you would expect free cash flow in 2020 to be above or below that of 2019.

And then secondly, as it relates to the upcoming C-band auction, which I know you're not going to talk
too much about. But when you think about how you're going to finance that, do you think, at that point,
you'll have enough as it relates to cash on hand and room within your debt financing to pay for what you
will ultimately spend at that auction? Or do you think that there could be a point where you might have to
curtail at least temporarily your level of investment just to ensure that you're able to get the most out of
that option that you want to?

Matthew D. Ellis
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Colby. So with regards to the last question, we're certainly excited about the opportunities that
come with the C-band auction. One of the great things about having got the balance sheet in the position
that we have is it gives us the opportunity to take advantage of items like that when they come along. And
so I don't think that, as I look at the balance sheet and I look at the auction, that, that will provide any
inhibitors to us either in terms of what we do in the auction or how we invest in the rest of the business.

In terms of the free cash flow for the second quarter, as you say, a couple of items in there. We had the
tax benefit from the item that we recognized in fourth quarter last year. We also had a timing difference
of about $2 billion moving just to regular cash payments from second quarter to last week. But all in all,
our cash flow will continue to be strong because we have -- obviously, we have a strong business with a
recurring revenue stream. That will continue into the second half of the year.

Working capital provided benefits in the first half with lower volumes. We'll see how that plays out in the
second half of the year. And I think that will be one of the key determinants of how cash flow looks for the
full year on a year-over-year basis. So we'll see how it plays out, but I certainly expect free cash flow to
continue to be strong for the business.

Brady Connor
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Yes, great. Thanks, Colby. And with that, I think we're going to wrap up the call. And just want to make
sure everybody's safe, and thank you for everything today. And Angela, back over to you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. Thank you for your participation
and using Verizon conference services. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

VERIZON COMMUNICATIONS INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  JUL 24, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

