Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 

NasdaqGS:VRTX
FQ4 2019 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, January 30, 2020 9:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2019-

-FQ1 2020-

-FY 2019-

-FY 2020-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

1.22

1.70

39.34

1.44

4.78

5.33

11.51

6.81

1013.96

1413.26

39.38

1072.32

3759.25

4162.82

10.74

4839.88

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Jan-29-2020 10:05 AM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2019

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

1.01

1.07

1.16

1.14

1.26

1.23

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12.87 %

17.76 %

6.03 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

FQ4 2019

1.22

1.70

39.34 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

3

 
VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Jeffrey Marc Leiden
Chairman, CEO & President

Michael Partridge
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer
& Director

Paul Andrew Matteis
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company,
Incorporated, Research Division

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial
Officer

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey,
Inc., Research Division

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

Whitney Glad Ijem
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

ANALYSTS

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research
Division

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Konstantinos Biliouris
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Liisa Ann Bayko
JMP Securities LLC, Research
Division

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Presentation

Michael Partridge
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good evening. Welcome to the Vertex Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2019 Financial Results Conference
Call. This is Michael Partridge, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations for Vertex. Making prepared
remarks on the call tonight, we have Dr. Jeff Leiden, Chairman and CEO; Dr. Reshma Kewalramani, Chief
Medical Officer; Stuart Arbuckle, Chief Commercial Officer; and Charlie Wagner, Chief Financial Officer. We
recommend that you access the webcast slides on our website as you listen to this call. This conference
call is being recorded, and a replay will be available on our website.

We will make forward-looking statements on this call that are subject to the risks and uncertainties
discussed in detail in today's press release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
These statements, including, without limitation, those regarding Vertex's marketed CF medicines, our
pipeline and Vertex's future financial performance are based on management's current assumptions.
Actual outcomes and events could differ materially.

I will now turn the call over to Dr. Jeff Leiden.

Jeffrey Marc Leiden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Michael. Good evening, everyone. We saw many investors and analysts at the JPMorgan
Conference 2 weeks ago. So I'll spend just a few moments highlighting our 2019 achievements in what we
believe sets Vertex apart for the future.

2019 was a truly remarkable year for Vertex. All parts of our business met or exceeded the goals we set at
the start of the year. And as a result, we are very well positioned to bring our CF medicines to many more
people and to advance our broad pipeline in additional diseases in 2020.

In cystic fibrosis, the U.S. approval of TRIKAFTA for patients 12 and older in October, 5 months ahead of
our PDUFA date, was the most significant milestone to date in our efforts to bring new CF medicines to all
people with this disease. TRIKAFTA is a remarkable medicine that holds the potential to treat up to 90% of
all people with CF. As you'll hear from Stuart, the U.S. launch of TRIKAFTA in patient ages 12 and older is
off to a very strong start. There's clear interest in TRIKAFTA across all groups of eligible patients, and the
early feedback from both patients and doctors is highly positive.

Outside the U.S., in 2019, we reached a number of key reimbursement agreements for our CF medicines
that will allow many thousands of new patients to begin treatment with our CFTR modulators in countries,
including England, France, Spain, Australia and many others throughout 2020.

We're also making excellent progress advancing and broadening our pipeline beyond CF. As we enter
2020, we are now in the clinic with multiple new medicines in 5 diseases outside of CF. We continue
to implement our strategy of advancing a portfolio of medicines into clinical development for each
of the disease areas. Key programs include alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Our AAT program, where
we have multiple small molecule correctors in the clinic, aimed at addressing the underlying cause of
disease in both the liver and the lung. These include VX-814, which has recently entered Phase II clinical
development.

Beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease, where we announced clinical data for 2 patients treated with
CTX001, a onetime CRISPR-Cas9 ex vivo gene editing therapy, which suggest that we may be able to
functionally cure these diseases.

FSGS, where our first small molecule aimed at halting the progression of the disease will move into Phase
II development in 2020. And type 1 diabetes, where we are developing an autologous islet transplantation
therapy with cells alone and a second with a combination of cells and a device to correct islet cell function
and potentially transform the treatment of this disease.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Importantly, these pipeline programs now span multiple modalities, including small molecules where
Vertex has excelled in the past, but also new approaches such as cell and genetic therapies. For these
new modalities, we've acquired or partnered with leading companies who have the best teams and unique
expertise to manufacture and deliver transformational therapies for diseases that fit our strategy.

And in business development, we completed more transactions in 2019 than in the 4 prior years, including
our acquisitions of Semma with a leading cell therapy approach for type 1 diabetes, and Exonics, the
leader in gene editing for DMD and DM1.

In summary, 2019 was the culmination of almost a decade of focused execution against our strategy of
discovering and developing transformative medicines for serious diseases in specialty areas, by focusing
on validated targets and predictive biomarkers that will improve the probability of clinical success. Our
strategy is playing out exactly as we had planned and will position us for continued short-term and long-
term growth. The company has never been stronger or better positioned for future success in CF and
beyond.

Let me now turn the call over to Reshma, who will talk in more detail about the year ahead.

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Thanks, Jeff. Our 2019 progress has positioned us for continued growth in 2020 and for many years to
come. We are focused on bringing our CF medicines to more people, advancing our pipeline and building
financial strength to support continued investment in internal and external innovation. In 2020, we
expect to gain approval for the triple combination in Europe in patients 12 years and older and to submit
TRIKAFTA for approval in the U.S. for children ages 6 to 11.

Beyond CF, we are advancing multiple molecules in our pipeline through late preclinical and early clinical
development and are now entering a period of multiple proof-of-concept data readouts and clinical
advances with potentially transformative medicine. With our AAT program, we recently initiated a Phase II
proof-of-concept study of the small molecule corrector VX-814 in patients with 2 copies of the Z mutation
and expect data from the study in 2020. In APOL1-mediated FSGS, we completed a Phase I study of
VX-147 in late 2019 and expect to initiate an open-label Phase II proof-of-concept study in 2020 to
evaluate the reduction in protein levels in the urine with VX-147.

In pain, having established proof-of-concept data from NaV1.8 inhibition with VX-150 in multiple Phase
II studies, our focus is now to find the optimal molecule or molecules to advance into mid- and late-stage
studies. We are continuing to advance a portfolio of medicines into clinical development, and we'll be
advancing an additional molecule into Phase I development in the first half of 2020. We have discontinued
Phase I development of VX-961 because it did not display an optimal PK and tolerability profile.

Beyond our small molecule programs, we've made significant progress in building and progressing a
portfolio of cell and genetic therapies in line with our research strategy, primarily through our business
development activities. We are highly encouraged by our recent clinical data for our CRISPR-Cas9 ex vivo
gene editing treatment, CTX001, for beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease. Both studies continue to
enroll, and we expect to provide additional data for this program in 2020.

I'd also like to highlight our cell therapy approach for Type 1 diabetes. This program comes to us from our
acquisition of Semma Therapeutics in October of 2019. The team of scientists at Semma have cracked
the biology on both the production and scale-up of fully mature islet cells and has developed a novel
implantable device to protect these cells from the immune system, while preserving cell health and
function. We have set an ambitious goal to progress this program into clinical development in late 2020 or
early 2021.

In summary, we've made outstanding progress in CF and multiple other diseases in 2019. And I look
forward to updating you on our progress over the coming months and years.

I'll now turn the call over to Stuart.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Thanks, Reshma. I am pleased to review with you this evening, our strong commercial performance for
2019. Our full year 2019 CF revenues were $4 billion, up from $3 billion in 2018, which represents year-
over-year growth of 32%. This growth in total revenues was driven primarily by the full year impact of the
SYMDEKO launch in the U.S. and Germany, label expansions for our CF medicines globally and the early
approval and launch of TRIKAFTA in the U.S.

The launch of TRIKAFTA is off to a very strong start. Our fourth quarter total CF product revenues were
approximately $1.25 billion, including TRIKAFTA revenues of $420 million, making TRIKAFTA already our
top-selling medicine. I would note that our fourth quarter revenues include, as expected, launch-related
stocking of approximately $100 million. Approximately 18,000 patients are eligible for TRIKAFTA in the
U.S., which represents the largest patient population eligible for one of our CF medicines at the time of
approval and launch. For 6,000 of these people, this is the first time they have had a medicine to treat the
underlying cause of their CF. We are seeing strong interest from all groups of eligible patients, including
new initiations as well as patients transitioning from our other CFTR modulators.

Our commercial supply, market access, patient support, marketing and field teams were ready for an
early approval. And since October, these teams have been doing a phenomenal job with CF centers
and commercial and government payers. The centers and their multidisciplinary teams have done a
remarkable job responding to the high patient demand. And while still early in the launch, we are on track
to obtain broad reimbursement for TRIKAFTA in the U.S., similar to what we have seen for our other CF
medicines. Together, these factors have combined to produce the strong start to the launch.

Outside the U.S., we reached multiple reimbursement agreements in 2019 in key countries, which will
enable many thousands of patients to initiate treatment with certain Vertex medicines for the first time.
While TRIKAFTA will be the main driver of Vertex's revenue growth in 2020, we also expect an increase in
international revenues based on more patients initiating treatment with our medicines outside the U.S.

In summary, I am pleased that we are bringing our medicines to many more patients around the globe.

And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Charlie.

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Stuart. I will provide additional remarks this evening regarding our 2019 financial results, and I
will also discuss our 2020 financial guidance. All of the results and guidance I will discuss are non-GAAP.

As Stuart mentioned, we had fourth quarter total CF product revenues of approximately $1.25 billion, a
45% increase compared to 2018. Our fourth quarter 2019 combined R&D and SG&A expenses were $496
million, including the operating expenses of Exonics and Semma compared to $400 million in the fourth
quarter of 2018. Significant growth in revenues and disciplined spending in the fourth quarter resulted in
operating income of $593 million, a 70% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2018.

Net income for the fourth quarter of 2019 was $444 million compared to $337 million for the fourth
quarter of 2018. Our full year financial results reflect a similar story of strong revenue growth and
disciplined spending, resulting in exceptional operating income growth.

Our total CF revenues for 2019 were $4 billion, a 32% increase over full year 2018. Our 2019 combined
R&D and SG&A expenses were $1.69 billion compared to $1.53 billion for 2018. Our full year operating
income was $1.79 billion for 2019 compared to $1.11 billion for 2018, a year-over-year increase of more
than 60%.

As our profitability and cash flow increased as a result of treating more CF patients globally, we have
deliberately reinvested in both internal and external innovation to create future medicines. In 2019, we
invested approximately $1.6 billion in external innovation through new acquisitions and collaborations.
Even with the significant BD activity, we ended the year with approximately $3.8 billion in cash and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

marketable securities compared to $3.2 billion at the end of 2018. As we look ahead to 2020 and beyond,
we expect continued increases in cash flow to provide more flexibility for additional investments to fuel our
long-term growth.

Now on to 2020 guidance. Today, we're providing 2020 financial guidance for total CF product revenues
as well as for combined non-GAAP R&D and SG&A expenses and our anticipated effective tax rate. The
strong uptake of TRIKAFTA and the recent completion of reimbursement agreements outside the U.S. have
positioned Vertex for continued strong revenue growth in 2020. Our 2020 guidance for total CF product
revenues is $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion, which at the midpoint reflects approximately 30% growth over
2019.

I would note a few dynamics that are reflected in our 2020 guidance. As part of the strong launch of
TRIKAFTA, that Stuart mentioned, we saw an expected launch-related inventory build of approximately
$100 million in the fourth quarter that we do not expect to repeat in 2020. Also, as we move through
2020, as with all of our CFTR modulators, persistence and compliance dynamics will affect TRIKAFTA
revenues, and therefore, our experience with our other CF medicines is factored into our guidance.

Lastly, we expect gross to net adjustments of 13% to 14% for 2020. Focusing in on Q1 2020, we expect
our revenues to be modestly higher than Q4 2019 revenues. This reflects the impact of the fourth quarter
inventory build as well as gross-to-net adjustments in the first quarter of each year that are generally
higher relative to the previous quarter.

We expect 2020 combined R&D and SG&A expenses of $1.95 billion to $2 billion. The increase compared
to 2019 is primarily driven by the launch of TRIKAFTA globally and the expansion of our R&D pipeline into
additional diseases. Our R&D expense growth includes increased investment to advance our programs in
cell and genetic therapies, including type 1 diabetes and DMD.

Now to tax guidance, where we expect our full year non-GAAP tax rate to be 21% to 22%. The tax rate
may fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, with the highest rate occurring in the fourth quarter. The vast majority
of our tax provision will be noncash expense until we fully use our net operating losses. As Jeff noted,
Vertex has a unique long-term growth potential that is based on continued revenue growth in CF and an
expanding pipeline, and with continued spending discipline, we expect operating margins, earnings and
cash flow to continue to increase.

Now back to Jeff for a few concluding comments.

Jeffrey Marc Leiden
Chairman, CEO & President

Thanks, Charlie. As this is my last quarterly call as CEO, I hope you'll indulge me for a couple of minutes
for some final comments. First, it has been a tremendous pleasure and honor to lead Vertex for the past 8
years. I always say the drug discovery and development is the ultimate team sport. None of our successes
would have happened without several incredible teams. First, I want to thank the entire Vertex team,
including our senior leadership team, most of whom have been with me for the entire journey. I've never
seen a stronger team in my 35 years in the industry, and I'm so proud and grateful for all of their work.

The commitment of our outstanding senior leaders and employees to execute the Vertex strategy of serial
innovation to deliver transformational medicines to patients and to grow the business is the driving force
for our recent achievements and is also what will differentiate us and position us for long-term success for
the future.

Second, I want to thank our Board of Directors and our investors for their constant support,
encouragement and advice. Even when I first became CEO, and we were still losing several hundred
million dollars a year while trying to develop the first transformative CF medicines.

And finally, and most importantly, I want to thank the entire CF community, patients, families and
caregivers, for their courage, their persistent encouragement and their enthusiastic participation in this
amazing journey toward a cure for all patients with this devastating disease. I look forward to continuing

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

to work with all of you as Executive Chairman to bring more transformative medicines to patients with
serious diseases who are waiting.
I will now open the line to questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Phil Nadeau with Cowen and Company.

Philip M. Nadeau
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

Jeff, let me be the first to congratulate you on all that you and the Vertex team have achieved in your
8 years of the CEO tenure. It's really been quite something to watch. Then my question is just in terms
of the numbers. First, Stuart, you mentioned really 3 buckets of TRIKAFTA patients, those transitioning
from ORKAMBI and SYMDEKO, new patients being added to therapy who had no option prior and the new
initiations, maybe among the holdout to dropouts in other populations. Could you give us some sense of
the dynamics in those 3 markets? And of the $300 million in end user demand, where did that come from?

And then second, just on the inventory, it seems like $100 million of inventory is really just 2 to 3 weeks
of inventory given the current run rate. So to be clear on your comments, it's not that you expected
inventory to come out of the channel during Q1. It's just that there's no subsequent inventory build, given
that you're already at a kind of average run rate for inventory in the channel?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Great, Phil. I'll take the question on the TRIKAFTA uptake, and then Charlie can talk to the inventory.
So as you know, we had a very strong launch. There are a number of eligible patient populations, as you
might tell from the strong launch. We have had a high level of interest from all patient groups and we've
seen uptake in all of those patient groups, and we expect that to continue into 2020. And so to handle the
inventory question, I'll throw that over to Charlie.

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Phil, to your question, the -- first of all, the inventory build in the fourth quarter was expected.
And I'd say the magnitude of the build is probably even a little bit less than what you mentioned. But
therefore, I think it's fair to say that, that is a -- we commented that that's a build that won't repeat nor
do we expect it to get drawn down significantly. Inventory bounces around a couple of -- a day or day 2 on
any given quarter, but that's about the right level.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Yee with Jefferies.

Michael Jonathan Yee
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

And obviously, Jeff, you are moving and leaving them with a great position. I guess I just wanted to
ask, Stu, you made some comments just now on where the buckets were. But maybe you could just
characterize how you think about the swapping dynamic and was there parts of that number for swapping?
And how do you think what percent of swapping could happen throughout 2020, just so we can think
about that?

And then maybe a question for Reshma. I mean I know that there'll be a lot of focus on AAT next. I know
you're giving a broad guidance on 2020. Can you just talk about the speed of that study, it's a short
study? What you're doing there and how fast we could get that data? It just seems like a very broad time
line for 2020 data.

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Yes. Mike, on the uptake of TRIKAFTA, as I said, we've seen interest across all of the patient groups and
that includes those who are currently being treated with one of our existing CFTR modulators. Over time,
where we have overlapping labels, given the superiority of the TRIKAFTA profile, we expect the vast
majority of patients who are eligible for TRIKAFTA are going to switch to TRIKAFTA. Exactly how long that
process will take? It's hard to tell. Obviously, we're early in the launch. But in terms of the destination, the
vast majority of those patients are going to transition to TRIKAFTA.

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Mike, with regard to the alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency program, I think the one you're referring to is
VX-814. That's the one that's furthest ahead. It's the one we started Phase II proof-of-concept dose
ranging towards the very tail end of 2019. So actually, it's really very early days. We're just getting going
with that study. I am expecting that we'll have results from the program in 2020, but it's just way too
early to give you more color around that.

Operator

Our next question comes from Salveen Richter with Goldman Sachs.

Salveen Jaswal Richter
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Jeff, congrats on all that you've achieved at Vertex. So firstly, could you just comment on how the 2019
TRIKAFTA launch will inform the cadence of uptake during 2020?

And then secondly, as we look at the pipeline, any new thoughts around the requirements for the
regulatory pathway for alpha-1 antitrypsin here regarding the need for liver biopsy or not? And then
secondly, with type 1 diabetes, what does the proof-of-concept study look like here?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Salveen, it's Stuart. I'll take the question on the 2019 and impact on 2020. So obviously, given the
results we've announced today, off to a very, very strong start. But having said that, there are many
patients, we continue to need to get on to TRIKAFTA, so we are expecting continued growth through 2020
in terms of adding patients, and that's built into our guidance of $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion.

As Charlie said, one other factor to taking into account, as you think about the cadence or the shape of
those revenues is the impact of persistence and compliance and how that will impact revenues, it does
have an impact, although as we've seen with other CFTR modulators. Our expectation is the levels of
persistence and compliance will be high with TRIKAFTA, particularly given the strong clinical profile.

And then I think on the AAT and type 1, I think Reshma will take those.

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Sure. Salveen, let me tackle the diabetes question first, and then I'll take AATD second. So with regard to
the diabetes program, that's the cell therapy program that we acquired through the Semma acquisition.
Salveen, the proof-of-concept, I imagine to be something you can think about more akin to sickle cell and
our beta-thal program versus a small molecule program. And what I mean by that is, we are going to be
able to go into the clinic right into patients. It's not going to have a healthy volunteer step. And whether
we go with the cell program alone or the cell with the device, I think, the kind of endpoints you could
expect are fairly straightforward ones, glucose levels, hemoglobin A1C. Clearly, hypoglycemic episodes on
the safety side will be something that we're watching. But I think that kind of gives you a good sense for
what we're going to be watching for.

The other thing to mention is, I think, that you can, again, similar to beta-thal and sickle cell, I anticipate
that the proof-of-concept studies are going to be a reasonable size and a very reasonable duration.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

With regard to the AATD program, we have not had further regulatory interaction. And so as I've
commented on before, I was impressed with the October 2019 FDA conference. What the agency indicated
was that they would work with each sponsor depending on their approach for what the regulatory enabling
endpoint would be. And I anticipate that the key points that we would be looking for from this program
that's ongoing is functional serum AAT levels. And as we think forward beyond that, we just need to get
through the regulatory interactions. I will remind you that the augmentation companies receive their
approval based on AAT levels. That's just a data point to look at.

And the last thing I'll say is our approach is obviously very different than those out there. In that, the
small molecule corrector approach holds the opportunity to treat both the liver and lung manifestations.
And so obviously, we're going to be talking through what those liver manifestations and what those
endpoints would look like as well.

Operator

Our next question comes from Paul Matteis with Stifel.

Paul Andrew Matteis
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division

Just 1 quick question on guidance. Even with considering inventories, when we just take your comments
on 1Q, it looks like you're already pretty close to annualizing at the full year number you outlined. And
so we just wanted to get a better understanding of the dynamics that go into your guidance. Are you just
being conservative? Or is there a reason that uptake is slow?

And then just second, quickly, on the cell therapy program in diabetes, I was just curious, how do you
think about a realistic clinical goal for that program? And do you feel like the bar for true commercial
success is insulin independence? Or are there other ways we should think about a potential benefit?

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Paul, this is Charlie. I'll take the first question on guidance. And I would not characterize the guidance
as conservative. I think it's appropriate given what we know about the TRIKAFTA launch so far as well
as the reimbursement agreements that we signed in the fourth quarter. Again, just to touch back on the
inventory topic. It's tempting to look at the Q4 run rate and want to extrapolate from that. But if you
take the $1.25 billion, back out $100 million for the inventory build, you're at $1.15 billion. And so the
guidance obviously implies significant growth over that.

And then again, as we touched on in the remarks, the impact of persistence and compliance is meaningful
and will come into the revenues over the course of 2020. So once you factor those things in, we think that
the guidance is absolutely appropriate. And candidly, when you think about the $5.2 billion number at the
midpoint, so $1.2 billion increase year-over-year, a 30% growth rate, it sets us up for another very strong
year.

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Paul, I'll take the question on the cell therapies program and type 1 diabetes. So if you think about the
current approach to type 1 diabetes and whether you think about insulin just injection or you think about
closed-loop systems or you think about really anything that's available there, what you realize is in these
over 1 million people who have this disease, neither is the glucose control particularly good, whether you
look at glucose or hemoglobin A1C, nor is it particularly safe on the other side, and that's the -- to speak
to the hypoglycemic episodes. Then if you look at cadaveric transplants, that actually shows that people
who have cadaveric transplants, islet cell transplants, they do very well in terms of glucose control and
don't have the deficiencies with hypoglycemia.

Now the problem there of course is they're just [ plain ] aren't enough islets -- there are not enough
cadavers for transplant and then there is the issue of immunosuppression. So the real beauty in this
approach and why we're so very excited about this is Doug Melton and the Semma Group have come
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

up with a way to not only produce, but to scale these islet cells and that holds the potential for really
excellent glucose control like the cadaveric transplants, without the hypoglycemic episodes. So that's what
the real goal here is.

Operator

Our next question comes from Alethia Young with Cantor Fitzgerald.

Alethia Rene Young
Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. And Jeff, certainly, you will be missed in the CEO seat. Incredible run. I think that
-- we call that CEO mic drop. So my 2 questions are, I guess, when you're thinking about in the field, what
have been kind of the biggest surprises? I know you guys talked about bottlenecks and maybe potentially
with just so much demand, have you seen that to be the case? Or has it been a little better?

And then my second question is, it might be a little early, but do you think the compliance and persistence
are trending more like a KALYDECO? Or what kind of -- where are the puts and takes that you think about
the [ ever divine ] dynamic in 2020?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Alethia, thanks very much for the question. You're right, prior to the launch, there was a couple of
potential bottlenecks as you described them that we were concerned about. One was -- concerns that CF
centers had raised with us about the capacity constraints, they felt they might have given 18,000 patients
were going to be eligible for TRIKAFTA. I have to say, they have done a spectacular job in responding
to the higher level of patient demand. And whilst there have certainly been some bottlenecks at some
centers, in general, the multidisciplinary teams have done just an amazing job working to get patients
initiated on the medicine.

The other potential bottleneck, as always, with a new product launch is, whether we are going to get
support from payers. And again, our teams have done a great job working with both government
and commercial payers. And clearly, we wouldn't have been able to deliver the results we have in the
fourth quarter without very significant access. So both of those bottlenecks have actually -- we've been
pleasantly surprised with how well those have turned out in Q4, and I expect that to continue in 2020.

In terms of compliance and persistence, really, it's just too early to say in the real world, exactly what
that is going to look like. We do expect it to be high. We do expect it to be in the range of our other CFTR
modulators, which you know is very high for both of those aspects. And certainly, given the profile, we'd
expect it to be similar with TRIKAFTA, it has been for our other medicines. But really too early to tell
exactly what it's going to be like for this medicine in the real world.

Operator

Our question comes from Whitney Ijem with Guggenheim.

Whitney Glad Ijem
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

I wanted to follow-up on type 1 diabetes. So it sounded like it wasn't clear whether or not you'd be moving
forward into the clinic with the naked cells or the encapsulation? And I'm wondering if you can give us any
more color on what the exact encapsulation technology or devices at this point.

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Sure. Thanks so much for the question. It's really one of my favorite late preclinical development
programs to talk about for a few reasons. But with regard to your specific question, you're right. We have
2 shots on goal here, so to speak. One development pathway involves the cells alone. And for example,
that is attractive in a couple of different potential areas. One of them would be patients who are renal

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

transplant recipients, as an example, who are on immunosuppressive therapy anyway, and they have their
renal transplant because of type 1 diabetes. So the naked cell approach or the cell alone approach there
could be a nice pathway.

The encapsulation is a device. The Semma Group has not only done amazing work with regard to the
development and the maturation of cells and the industrial scale up, but they've done a really nice job
with the device. The device has to be particular, and you know others have tried this in the past and it's a
tough problem to solve. The device is different, and I think is -- really has the opportunity to succeed here
for a few different reasons. It has to do with the geometry, it has to do with the material, it needs to allow
glucose and insulin to free flow, but to keep the cells in their state. And it also has to do with ensuring that
the device and the cells get sufficient oxygenation and that there isn't fibrosis. And the data that we have
seen to date, including in large animals, tells us that, that's so.

Whitney Glad Ijem
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Got it. And just a quick follow-up. So will we be moving the encapsulation program forward into the clinic
first and you sort of abandoned the naked cell approach? Or is it still up in the air as to which will go first?

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Yes. You can think of it in terms of having 2 shots on go, and it's just a matter of which one goes first. But
you can think of it as 2 programs.

Operator

Our next question comes from Robyn Karnauskas with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

Robyn Kay Shelton Karnauskas
SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division

Thanks, Jeff for all the hard work you've put in. It's been great. So 2 questions. One for Charlie. First, you
have cash that's accumulating. It looks like the studies that you're about to do may not be that expensive.
They're very tight, and they may be small, at least for the next few years. So how are you thinking about
thus maximizing cash without running the risk of having lazy balance sheet? And then for pain, you
discontinued 1 program. What are you looking for versus the original VX-150?

Charles F. Wagner
Executive VP & CFO

Sure. Robyn, thanks for the question. As you point out, the business model is running very well right now,
and we are generating cash, which gives us flexibility. We continue to feel that the best use of our cash is
to reinvest in the business, both in terms of internal innovation and also external innovation. Again, you
saw us have a very active year in 2019 with $1.6 billion on a number of deals that got us access to some
great enabling technology and some programs that are a perfect fit with our research strategy.

So going forward, we'll continue to be active in business development. To the extent that we have
additional cash flow in 2020, that's where the priority will be. I'm not going to say that we're committing
to a certain number of deals or a certain volume of cash flow, everything needs to be governed by the
research strategy and the corporate strategy, we'll stay disciplined, but you'll continue to see us be active
in 2020.

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Robyn, this is Reshma. I'll take a question about pain. So Robyn, I would think about pain just like CF,
and frankly, all of our programs. The approach here in Vertex speak is first crack the biology, then pour on
the chemistry. And where we are with the pain program is we've cracked the biology. And I feel confident

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

saying that because of the VX-150 results that we saw in 3 Phase II studies, right, in acute pain, in
neuropathic pain and in osteoporosis.

So what we're really doing now is part 2, which is pour on the chemistry. And this is about finding, let me
call it, the ideal molecule, particularly in this disease state, safety and efficacy, of course, table stakes.
But what we're really looking for is a molecule with the perfect PK, something that can be dosed once
or twice a day, given that we're talking about a pain condition in this instance. We need to ensure that
this medicine can be taken with food or without food. If you're talking about acute pain immediately post
surgery, being able to take it without food is going to be really important. We're also thinking about DDIs
and [ COGS ].

And so really, I guess, I would describe it to you as we're at the stage of pouring on the chemistry, and
this is our search for the ideal molecule for this pain condition, or I should actually describe it's conditions.
We think about it as 3 distinct groups in there.

Operator

Our next question comes from Cory Kasimov with JPMorgan.

Cory William Kasimov
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Congrats on a great quarter. Only you pre-announced this a couple of weeks ago, you could have made
that investor conference a little more exciting this year. But I guess, first question, I have for you is
regarding AAT. As clinical work ramps, are you seeing any broader-based efforts to help with the diagnosis
rate? And what kind of education can you do there to facilitate the process while in development?

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Yes. Cory, let's take this in 2 parts, if you wouldn't mind. This is Reshma. I'll make a few comments, and
then I'm going to turn it over to Stuart to tell us a little bit more about the market opportunity and such.

Cory, as we start our clinical trials and really start to engage with the community, which we've already
started to do, what you realize and what you're alluding to is absolutely true. Unlike CF, this is a disease
where there isn't newborn screening and there isn't 100% diagnosis. And while there is a 510 cleared
CE marked assay for antigenic level, the diagnosis is not done that frequently. We are working with the
community. We are engaged with the Alpha-1 Foundation. And I do see that group providing a real good
amount of education, and I see an opportunity to do even more. Let me ask Stuart to comment from his
vantage point.

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. Cory, so in terms of what we know about the market today, that's estimated to be about 100,000
people with the ZZ genotype in the U.S. and EU. Almost definitely, that's an underestimate, but let's just
take that as a starting point. Only a fraction of those patients are currently diagnosed, to your point, and
only a fraction of those that are diagnosed are actually actively treated with the current standard of care,
which is the IV augmentation therapy.

So if we are able to bring to the market a product which treats the underlying cause of the disease,
which has impact on both the lung and the liver and is an oral small molecule, we think there's multiple
opportunities here. One is clearly potentially to replace some of the IV augmentation therapies. Another
opportunity would be to increase the treatment rate in those patients who are already diagnosed, but we
also do think there is a significant opportunity to increase the diagnosis rate.

The diagnosis is not difficult to do. It's a simple blood test. It's currently included within treatment
guidelines that should be done for patients diagnosed with COPD. But I think, as so often the case where
you don't have a solution, people don't go looking for the problem. And so we do anticipate there could be
an increase in those diagnosis rates if we are able to bring a better solution to the market.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Matthew Harrison of Morgan Stanley.

Konstantinos Biliouris
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

This is Kostas on for Matthew. Congratulations on the quarter. Two questions from me. The first one is, can
you give us some sense for how to think about the dynamics of European revenues in 2020, please?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. I'll take that. We were able to finalize reimbursement agreements in a number of major European
countries towards the back end of 2019. And as we anticipated, we did not see much of a contribution
of those reimbursement agreements in 2019 because even having secured those agreements, you
have to work through the administrative process before patients can be initiated. We are expecting our
European revenues to grow in 2020 as more patients are able to access our CFTR modulators and that's
incorporated in the $5.1 billion to $5.3 billion guidance that Charlie talked to earlier on the call.

Konstantinos Biliouris
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And my second question is on APOL1-mediated kidney disease program. You have mentioned that you are
planning to use the protein urea as a clinical market. I was wondering whether you need more key efficacy
endpoints or this would suffice?

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Sure. Thanks, Kostas. This is Reshma. I'll take that one. So for those who may not be as familiar with
this one, this is the VX-147 program, and this is going into patients into the clinic in Phase II now,
actually. This is for APOL1-mediated FSGS. So Kostas, as you may know, the renal community, along with
regulatory agencies have for the past many years thought and discussed what the appropriate regulatory
enabling endpoint might be for a homogeneous proteinuric kidney disease, that's a mouthful.

But basically, what I'm saying is that there's a lot of support and what the idea here would be is to
measure protein in the urine. That's a fairly simple thing to do. And when you have a disease that's a
homogeneous protein leaking disease that most people believe, and this has been discussed extensively
in the community that protein in the urine is the right measure for one to evaluate. So that's what we're
going to be evaluating in this Phase II study. And that's the study that is now getting underway.

Operator

Our next question comes from Liisa Bayko with JMP Securities.

Liisa Ann Bayko
JMP Securities LLC, Research Division

I wanted to also wish congratulations to the team and during the transition. Wanted to ask about the
European rollout. Can you just get into a little more specifics on sort of timing of the different countries?
And what do you think the on ramping could look like, given that this has been sort of a new therapy
that's available in some countries, meaning they haven't had access to CFTR modulators in the past?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

Yes. I think there's really 2 aspects to that question, Liisa. One is the timing in different countries of
the uptake of our current medicines, which are approved in Europe, and clearly, we expect that, as I
mentioned earlier, to begin now that we have reimbursement agreements in some of the major countries,
U.K., Spain, France, et cetera, for existing CFTR modulators.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

In terms of how that might play out for the triple combination. Clearly, we have that submission in with
the regulatory authorities. Our expectation is for an approval in Q4 of this year. And as you know, the
regulatory approval is really the trigger to the beginning of reimbursement discussions. And so within our
guidance for 2020, there is minimal triple combination regimen -- revenues included within that guidance.

Operator

Our final question comes from Brian Abrahams with RBC Capital Markets.

Brian Corey Abrahams
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter and congratulations, Jeff, to on all your accomplishments. What's been
your feedback on real-world experience with TRIKAFTA efficacy and safety? To what degree that's been
aligning with the clinical trial experience? Is anything unexpected or different there?

And then secondarily, can you remind us of your plan to collect longer-term outcomes data with TRIKAFTA,
things like exacerbations, the time line for updating that? And how important do you think that will be for
full market penetration in the U.S. as well as European access?

Stuart A. Arbuckle
Executive VP & Chief Commercial Officer

So in terms of the real-world experience, I said, I would say, has been very similar to what we saw in
the Phase III program, Brian. The feedback we've had from physicians and patients has been almost
universally positive. And when I say positive, their experience at the level of efficacy and the impact it's
having on their lives is really inspiring.

Obviously, safety is something which needs to play out over time. But certainly, we haven't seen anything
in the real world that has surprised us, that has been different from what we saw in the Phase III
programs. And as you know, those studies demonstrated a very, very strong benefit risk profile. In terms
of outcomes data and what data we're going to be collecting, I'll hand that over to Reshma.

Reshma Kewalramani
Executive VP, Chief Medical Officer & Director

Sure. So Brian, you know that we -- in the Phase III program for the FMS patients, that was the program
with about 400 patients that went out to 24 weeks. We already reported on pulmonary exacerbations,
and it was a really large reduction of 63%. We are continuing to collect data. So patients in both the FS
study and the FMS study rolled over into an open-label extension that goes out through 96 weeks. And in
addition to that, we have additional studies that we're doing, collecting data from various registries not
only here in the U.S., but as we've done with our other CFTR modulators around the globe as well. So we
have more data to look forward to, not only from the clinical trials program in the open-label extension,
but also registry data that we're collecting and we'll be collecting around the globe.

Michael Partridge
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. On behalf of everyone here, thanks, everybody, for listening to tonight's call. Thanks also for all the
kind words. We know that there are other earnings calls tonight. So we'll let you get to them. And at the
same time, the IR team is in the office and happy to talk to you if you have additional questions.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INCORPORATED FQ4 2019 EARNINGS CALL |  JAN 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

