W.W. Grainger, Inc. NYSE:GWW
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, April 23, 2020 3:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

4.47

4.24

(5.15 %)

3.44

15.38

17.75

Revenue  (mm)

2866.90

3001.00

4.68

2596.11

11005.76

11763.79

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Apr-23-2020 3:38 PM GMT

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

4.64

4.40

4.04

4.47

4.64

4.26

3.90

4.24

0.00 %

(3.18 %)

(3.47 %)

(5.15 %)

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Irene Holman
Vice President of Investor
Relations

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research
Division

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Patrick Michael Baumann
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C.,
Research Division

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Justin Laurence Bergner
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the W.W. Grainger First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Ms. Irene Holman, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Thank you, ma'am. You may begin.

Irene Holman
Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning. Welcome to Grainger's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. With me are D.G. Macpherson,
Chairman and CEO; and Tom Okray, SVP and CFO.

As a reminder, some of our comments today may be forward-looking. Actual results may differ materially
as a result of various risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in our SEC filings. Reconciliations of
any non-GAAP financial measures with their corresponding GAAP measures are found in the tables at the
end of this slide presentation and in our Q1 press release, both of which are available on our IR website.
This morning's call will focus on adjusted results for the first quarter of 2020, which exclude restructuring
and other items that are outlined at our press release.

Now I'll turn it over to D.G.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Irene. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'll begin with an overview of our actions
and experiences in response to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as an overview of the quarter. Then Tom
will get into more specifics about our financial response to the pandemic as well as detailed information on
our Q1 results.

Before we start, I want to thank our 25,000 team members across the globe who continue to live our
principles and are working hard to achieve our purpose: to keep the world working. We are an essential
business supporting hospitals, governments, first responders, food manufacturers, distribution companies
and many others that are fighting this fight on the frontlines. These are incredibly stressful times for all.
From our team members are on-site with our customers helping them work through day-to-day challenges
to those ensuring orders are picked, packed and shipped properly, I'm proud of the work we're doing
to keep our team members, customers and communities safe. I am also thankful for our supplier and
logistics partners' efforts to help us provide much-needed products to our customers in this desperate time
of need.

To make this come to life, I thought I would share a photo I received from one of our leaders at a branch
located in Brooklyn, New York. This particular branch and its cross-borough partner in Maspeth, they're
both situated in between a number of hospitals that are the epicenter of the pandemic fight. Each day, the
teams at both locations dutifully come to work, hang the American flag and roll up their sleeves, and in
their words, they do this to keep America running. It's this spirit that inspires me, makes me truly proud
to lead this company and gives all of us hope in our ability to get through this crisis.

Turning to Slide 5. Let me provide you with some color on the actions we have and continue to take in
response to the pandemic. The biggest concern right now is our collective health and well-being. As a
business, this is our absolute #1 priority. When we look back on this crisis, it is how we will all be judged.
With health as a primary focus, we have established 3 priorities during this challenge. First, we must
continue to service our customers well. These are the customers that have so much to do with supporting
the health care system and other critical industries in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate.
Second, we must support key members by providing a safe environment and as much job continuity as
possible. During this period, everyone is scared, and we are trying to provide team members stability and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

safety. And third, we must ensure that we remain in a strong financial position in order to execute on our
first 2 priorities and remain positioned to thrive when we move beyond this pandemic. We have and will
continue to ground our decision-making process with these 3 objectives in mind.

Starting with the first, Grainger has been designated in essential business for all our locations around the
globe, allowing us to continue to serve our customers and live out our purpose. In many cases, we are
working side by side with hospitals, state and local governments and critical manufacturing businesses
to ensure that they can keep doing their critical work. This has been a challenging period. The virus has
created significant supply/demand imbalances for PPE and other products, creating substantial challenges
for our customers. We have had to make some tough choices about prioritization, and the challenge will
continue into the near future. But our team is working very hard to find solutions to help our customers.
In some cases, this has meant being creative with product solutions in the short term. We continue to be a
valued partner to all our customers even as we prioritize the health care system.

We started planning and responding to the pandemic in late January and established an emergency
preparedness task force shortly thereafter. In the early days, our focus was on product supply. We
executed large pre-buys of nonpandemic products, leveraging our extra capacity in Louisville to ensure
we could supply our customers through this period. Our service levels of nonpandemic supplies continue
to be strong. As it became clear that the pandemic would have a significant impact on all developed
markets, we developed business continuity plans following guidance from the CEC, the public health
agency of Canada, the World Health Organization and federal and state governments. In many cases,
we are going beyond that guidance, including temperature screening of all individuals prior to entering
Grainger facilities. We have taken a number of preventative steps to protect our team members and
customers, including minimizing exposure of affected team members to other team members and
customers, augmenting the cleaning procedures at our facilities, introducing mandatory curbside service
at all our branches, providing personal protective equipment for team members working on-site with
customers and mandating work from home for all our team members who are able, including our phone
service and technical support agents. We were able to pivot quickly to work from home for team members
able to do that, and we have not missed a beat. In addition, we moved our national sales meeting to a
virtual meeting after canceling the conference in Florida. We appreciate the flexibility our team members
have demonstrated as we implement these solutions.

Throughout this, I continue to receive many letters and calls of thanks from customers, and I'm inspired
with how the Grainger team is taking care of our customers and each other during this challenging time. I
have also received many calls from customers who need solutions that we and no one else can fulfill right
now. Stress in the system is extremely high, as you might imagine.

On the supply chain front, our world-class supply chain has remained resilient. As I mentioned, we've
had minimal disruptions to date on nonpandemic-related items. We continue to maintain high levels
of inventory and are leveraging our strong relationships with our suppliers and transportation partners
to secure products and ensure we meet our same-day ship complete delivery promise as regularly as
possible.

Like others around the globe, we continue to see shortages in stock-outs of critical pandemic-related
items, including N95 masks, sanitizers and other PPE. We are working diligently with our suppliers
alongside our government and health care customers to secure as much product as possible as well as
trying to identify and source suitable alternatives. To give you a sense of the magnitude of the problem, in
several weeks' time, we received orders for the same quantity of safety masks that we've usually received
over several years and in some cases, even decades. This is truly an unprecedented challenge, and getting
America back to work is essential.

Let me share you that Grainger is holding true to our values. We will continue to work with customers and
supplier partners to find the best solutions on all pandemic products. We are honoring our contracts and
do not raise prices unless necessary to recover our increased costs.

Moving to our second priority. We are committed to making decisions with team members' best interest
in mind. Grainger is a sound business with a long-standing belief in the need to have a stable workforce

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

to serve customers and keep the world working. When we emerge from the pandemic, we want to ensure
that we are well positioned with an experienced team to accelerate growth through the recovery.

While we don't yet know the full financial impact of COVID-19, we have contingency plans in place for any
eventuality. In the short term, we have furloughed a small portion of our workforce and reduced hours for
others. In both cases, with the enhanced CARES Act, we are focused on keeping our team members as
close to whole as possible. Beyond this, we have delayed merit increases for salaried employees and have
instituted short-term pay cuts for executives. Our incentive plans will adjust based on market conditions.
Our goal is to keep our team members employed over the long haul, treated fairly and working during this
time.

Our third priority, which Tom will cover in details, is around maintaining our financial strength. In short,
we are well positioned with an exceptionally strong balance sheet and a robust liquidity position. We are
prepared for a multitude of scenarios and have already implemented changes focused on cash flow in the
near term. Our strong financial position should enable us to withstand even the most challenging economic
and market environments while allowing continued investment through the cycle.

Stepping back, these 3 objectives do naturally create some tension. As you can imagine, given the size
of our workforce, we have had cases of COVID-19 within our facilities. In each case, team member safety
is our top priority. That means we have had to shift volumes across our network as we temporarily close
buildings to deep clean the facility and to quarantine any exposed team members. We're also paying DC
branch and KeepStock team members a ship premium, recognizing their great work and commitment
during this challenging time. As a result, we are running at higher unit cost than normal in our DCs and
elsewhere to ensure we serve our customers to our high standards and help get America and the world
back on its feet.

Lastly, and before we move on, given the uncertainty around the depth and duration of this pandemic and
the related economic response, we are suspending guidance for 2020. As you might imagine, we have
customers that are completely closed. We have customers who are operating under reduced volumes.
We have customers operating normally, and we have customers who are running 24/7. With all of these
moving pieces, it doesn't make sense to forecast in this environment. While we can't guarantee the future,
we've weathered storms in our long history before and have already started planning for the recovery
whenever it may come. This will require us all to think differently as we and our customers are changed
by this pandemic. There's a lot to learn, I believe, much opportunity ahead. As we move forward, we will
continue to evaluate all actions to ensure we are meeting our priorities to serve our customers, support
our team members and ensure we remain in a strong financial place.

Turning to our quarterly results. We delivered strong top line growth in the quarter while navigating
through this period of uncertainty. We achieved daily sales growth of 5.7%, underpinned by traction on
our growth priorities and heightened sales of pandemic-related items. In the U.S. segment, we outgrew
the MRO market by approximately 700 basis points. Excluding estimated pandemic-related sales, which is
inherently messy calculation, we were in line with our goal of 300 to 400 basis points of outgrowth versus
the market. So we had a strong top line outcome.

Operating margins were pressured by factors, including the timing of certain SG&A investments,
pandemic-related mix impacts, business unit mix impacts as well as the timing of year-over-year pricing
and cost actions. Tom will cover the details in a bit.

We produced strong cash flow in the first quarter, including $244 million of operating cash flow and
$194 million of free cash flow. And finally, we continue to make progress on our 2020 priorities. Our
re-merchandising efforts continued in the quarter as we work to further improve product and search
information. We continue to improve the efficacy of our marketing initiatives. Our endless assortment
business grew 17%, underpinned by resilient performance at MonotaRO and SKU additions at Zoro.
Masaya Suzuki, our new leader of the endless assortment portfolio, and his team are implementing the
MonotaRO playbook across Zoro and are closely looking at a number of areas for improvement, most
notably around discounting strategy and other opportunities to improve profitability. Our turnaround
efforts in both Canada and Cromwell performed in line with our expectations despite turbulent market
conditions. And while we have curtailed nonessential spending in certain areas, we will continue to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

invest where it matters most. Most importantly, we continue to improve the user experience in our core
businesses with customer feedback coming in extremely strong.

As we look forward, we will focus on what we can control and make decisions based on facts. The business
is well positioned to sustain through this pandemic, and I am confident we will come out stronger on the
other side.

With that, I will turn it over to Tom.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, D.G. As D.G. mentioned, we have established 3 broad priorities that are serving as the backbone
as we work through this unprecedented challenge. Our third decision-making tenet is to ensure we remain
on a strong financial footing. In this regard, we've taken several actions to bolster an already strong
financial position.

From a balance sheet perspective, in the quarter, we increased the size of our revolver to $1.25 billion and
executed a large-scale refinancing. Combined, these initiatives increased our available liquidity by roughly
$625 million and eliminated all material near-term maturities. At the end of March, we proactively tapped
$1 billion of the $1.25 billion revolving credit facility, as noted by our strong balance sheet and operating
cash flow results. This was done solely out of an abundance of caution. In this low-rate environment, it's
an inexpensive insurance policy.

Further, with the refinancing, we consolidated a majority of our foreign currency-denominated debt, which
pushed out any material maturities until 2025. Our revolver does not contain any financial covenants, and
we continue to have strong A category ratings from both S&P and Moody's. All in, we exited the quarter
with over $1.7 billion in available liquidity, including $1.5 billion in cash and only a 1.2x net debt leverage
ratio.

When it became clear that we might be facing a serious economic downturn, we proactively began
implementing initiatives that can serve cash and optimize profitability. To be clear, the initiatives strike a
balance between short-term cost and cash savings and ensuring we come out of the gate strong when
the crisis ends. Example of these baseline initiatives include temporarily furloughing team members to
align with reduced volumes, short-term pay cuts for executives, delaying merit increases for our salaried
workforce in North America, reducing outside professional service spend, scaling back advertising spend,
eliminating nonessential travel and delaying hiring decisions. We expect these baseline initiatives and the
lapping of certain Q1 items will create $40 million to $55 million of sequential cost savings in the second
quarter of 2020 even when accounting for an increased level of cost to support our pandemic response.
We have also identified several additional initiatives that can be implemented depending on volume levels.
We are staying nimble in monitoring sales trends, cash position and working capital closely.

Additionally, we are deferring certain discretionary capital expenditures and now expect our full year 2020
CapEx spend to be between $150 million and $175 million. This is down from our previous expectation of
$250 million. With respect to working capital, we are working closely with our customers and suppliers to
maintain our strong relationships while ensuring a manageable cash conversion cycle. To date, we haven't
seen a material change in delinquencies or bad debt.

Further, we remain committed to returning excess capital to our shareholders. However, to preserve
financial flexibility, we have paused our share repurchase program. As for the dividend, we remain
committed to the program and do not currently foresee where we would reduce or suspend its payment.
We understand the importance of achieving our 49th consecutive year of dividend increases.

While it's difficult in this environment to forecast the future, from a cash perspective, we have modeled
multiple scenarios that reflect varying depth and duration cases of volume loss. Given what we are able to
see now, we are confident that we will have adequate liquidity to support our business operations through
this pandemic. We have a strong reputation of managing well through difficult times, and we expect this
crisis will be no different. Based on what we know today, we are confident that we will emerge from this
pandemic as a trusted partner to our customers and suppliers and are well suited for the recovery.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

As we turn to our detailed quarterly results and think about the financial impact that COVID-19 pandemic
has had on our business, it's very challenging to specifically quantify. There are numerous moving pieces,
including sales of pandemic-related SKUs, determining substitute products, impact of customer capacity
cuts or closures and identification of customer prebuying. All of these combined makes it challenging to
pinpoint a specific impact of the pandemic on our financials.

Therefore, as I go through our financial results, I will share estimated directional commentary on the
impact. As noted on Slide 9, for the total company, daily sales were up 5.5% in the quarter, 5.7% on a
constant currency basis. This was driven by around a 7% increase in volume, offset by an approximately
2% headwind from price. Roughly half of the price headwind is due to product and customer mix, with the
other half related to lapping of the 2019 price increase. For the total company, we estimate the pandemic-
related product sales represented roughly half of our sales growth. Additionally, for perspective, it should
be noted our core U.S. and endless assortment businesses combined grew at 7.3% on a daily basis during
the quarter.

Gross profit margin for the total company was down 180 basis points versus the prior year quarter. This
decline is driven by customer and product mix headwinds in our U.S. segment largely related to sales
of pandemic-related items as well as business unit mix from higher growth in our lower-margin endless
assortment business. Gross margin rates are much more stable when we look sequentially.

We gained 20 basis points of SG&A leverage with costs up $47 million versus prior year as we continue to
make investments to support our strategic priorities. As previously communicated, we generally expect
SG&A spend to grow at approximately half the sales rate. For the quarter, our SG&A growth was higher
than this annual target by approximately $20 million. This $20 million is driven by additional headcount
that was added in the back half of 2019, incremental marketing investments, which will be reduced going
forward and heightened spend to support our pandemic response efforts.

Additionally, we were impacted by nonrecurring and timing items, including an extra payroll day and
onetime costs for certain legal matters. These impacts more than offset lower travel and variable
compensation costs as well as favorable depreciation and amortization in the current year period.
Excluding these nonrecurring and unusual items, we were directionally in line with our plan from a cost
perspective, which assumed elevated SG&A costs in the first quarter.

We generated operating cash flow of $244 million, which we used to invest in the business and return
capital to shareholders. During the quarter, we used $178 million on share repurchases and dividends and
had total capital expenditures of $50 million. Even in our current difficult economic times, we continue to
invest prudently in our business, all while maintaining a healthy 1.2x net debt leverage ratio. Operating
cash flow was 106% of net adjusted earnings, and return on invested capital was over 29%.

Overall, U.S. segment daily sales grew 5.7% in the quarter or about 700 basis points faster than the
broader MRO market. Sales growth in the quarter included approximately 8% volume growth, partially
offset by unfavorable price of around 2%. Roughly half of the price headwind is due to customer and
product mix with the other half related to the lapping of 2019 price increase. In the U.S. segment,
we estimate that pandemic-related product sales represented roughly half of our sales growth. Gross
margin was 230 basis points unfavorable to the prior year. The variance was driven largely by 2 primary
factors: about half is related to lapping of 2019 pricing and cost actions; and the other half is related to
unfavorable product and customer mix.

As we mentioned on the fourth quarter 2019 earnings call, we expected our Q1 2020 number to face
difficult comparisons to the prior year period as we aggressively raised prices to combat expected tariff
inflation increases in the first quarter of 2019. We acknowledge that we overshot the mark and rolled back
prices throughout 2019. Additionally, tariff cost-related increases didn't actually take effect until later in
2019 and, thus, created a second half headwind in Q1 2020.

Looking sequentially, we did see positive price inflation in this quarter compared to Q4 2019. Going
forward, we expect this tough year-over-year comparison will lessen in the back half of 2020. The
remaining portion of the year-over-year gross margin decline resulted from customer and product mix
headwinds, which were exacerbated by sales of lower-margin pandemic-related items to larger low-margin

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

customers. We expect these mix-related headwinds to continue during the pandemic as we sell increased
levels of safety and cleaning products to our large health care, government and critical manufacturing
customers. This effect will become even more pronounced in the second quarter as we expect a more
dramatic mix impact that we saw in the March to continue through Q2.

In the quarter, we also had unfavorable mix related to our multi-site customer growth strategy. As we
discussed on the Q4 call, this impact will be temporary and will continue throughout fiscal year 2020.
From an SG&A perspective, we gained 30 basis points of leverage with costs increasing $30 million in the
quarter. This level of increase was caused by many of the factors I outlined earlier, including incremental
headcount added in the second quarter of 2019 as well as marketing investments, cost to support our
pandemic response and an extra payroll day. Operating margin was strong at 15% but declined 200 basis
points in the quarter on the decline in gross profit margin, which was offset by a slight increase in SG&A
leverage experienced in the quarter.

Turning specifically to the U.S. MRO market. While extremely difficult to predict in this environment,
we estimate the U.S. MRO market decline between 1% and 1.5% in the first quarter. Grainger was
able to capture approximately 700 basis points of outgrowth in the quarter, well above our objective
to consistently grow 300 to 400 basis points above market, aided by sales of pandemic-related items.
Even when excluding the pandemic sales contribution, we were still well within our targeted range,
demonstrating consistent traction of our growth initiatives.

Moving on to the Other Businesses. Daily sales increased 8.5% or 8.8% on a constant currency basis.
Growth was driven by continued expansion of our endless assortment business, which was up a combined
17% on a daily basis between both Zoro and MonotaRO. Both businesses continue to grow rapidly and
benefited from an uptick in pandemic-related sales, albeit a much smaller impact than we saw with our
U.S. business. Gross profit margin declined 60 basis points in the quarter driven by business unit mix from
the faster-growing endless assortment businesses as well as deeper discounting and a higher mix of drop
ship activity at Zoro U.S.

We continue to achieve SG&A leverage in the first quarter, resulting in an operating margin increase
of 80 basis points. This comes largely from decreased expenses at Cromwell and leverage in endless
assortment. Cromwell performed unplanned in Q1 and was able to half its losses from the first quarter
of 2019. These results were largely before the pandemic shutdown activity across Europe. We took an
impairment charge on our Fabory business, reflecting continued gross profit and a flat to declining EBITDA
against the backdrop of industrial sector declines across Europe. This was further amplified by the long-
term implications of the COVID-19 pandemic, among other factors.

Turning to Slide 13. Daily sales decreased 6.1% or 5% on a constant currency basis, comprised of roughly
4% decline in volume and price headwind, which includes customer mix of approximately 1%. Foreign
exchange created 110 basis point headwind. Overall operating margins were up 110 basis points as gross
profit margin was roughly flat to the prior year period, and SG&A was favorable 110 basis points as cost
management drove significant leverage.

Looking forward, in addition to the pandemic, Grainger Canada is also combating extremely low oil prices,
given it's more concentrated natural resource customer base, which will drive further headwinds into the
second quarter.

Before I turn it back to D.G., I want to provide you with some insights into what we are seeing through the
first few weeks of April. From a sales perspective, as of April 21, we are seeing year-over-year declines of
approximately 10% on a constant currency total company basis with dramatic differences by end market,
product categories and customer size. Not surprisingly, our health care, essential manufacturing and
pockets of government are growing significantly faster year-over-year, and we are seeing rapid declines
elsewhere in areas such as hospitality and heavy manufacturing. On the product side, safety and cleaning
supplies are significantly up year-over-year with most other categories down, some dramatically. To be
clear, this is what we are seeing through the first 15 business days of the month and not meant to be
construed as guidance for the quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

As in Q1, these customer and product mix items will continue to impact our GP margins. Further, Q2 will
be impacted by the change in the format of our national sales meeting, which will create a year-over-year
headwind to gross profit margin of approximately 40 to 50 basis points for the U.S. segment in the second
quarter. For the year, the national meeting impact will be a drag on gross profit margin but will be roughly
flat for the year on an operating margin basis given travel and event-related cost savings.

With that, I will turn it back to D.G. for some final thoughts.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Tom. We have a strong business and balance sheet as well as access to capital, and we're taking
proactive steps to keep the company healthy and our workforce stable while continuing to serve our
customers well. We take being an essential business very seriously, and we're committed to living our
purpose and being that critical partner for our customers throughout this pandemic and beyond. While this
crisis is certainly different from any that we've experienced, I'm confident that Grainger will come away
from this stronger than before, and we'll be positioned to lead this industry for years to come.
Now we will open it up for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Ryan Merkel of William Blair.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

I hope everyone is well. So first off, thanks for the color on April. But I guess, high level, and I realize
that visibility is low in April guidance. But anything you can help us with in terms of the outlook, maybe
thoughts and a range of industry declines this year? Or maybe comment on if 2019 is a good framework in
your mind for 2020 or if there's major differences?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Well, I think it's -- as Tom said, it's -- forecasting right now is very difficult. I think we can say what we're
seeing. And as I mentioned, we have some customers that are mostly shutdown. We do, do a lot of work
with airlines, which, obviously, aren't as busy, cruise lines, as you might guess. As you get into some of
the sub-industries, you see very differences. Obviously, there's a bunch of customers that are very, very
busy.

I think one thing I would say is that the world is not shutdown necessarily. And you can see it in our daily
volumes. We've been very consistent the last few weeks, and we've been fairly resilient, but it does take
on different numbers by different subsegments. I think the question for us is how long it's going to take
to get back. And depending on who you talk to, whether it's an epidemiologist or an economist, that could
be relatively short or really long. And so there's just uncertainty around that. So Ryan, I would not even
try to forecast that. We feel like we're taking the right actions to make sure that we maintain profitability
throughout any scenario, and we're confident in our ability to gain share. One thing that we didn't talk
about that's kind of interesting is we are seeing a very healthy flow of new customers, given the pandemic
requests, and we feel like we're going to come out of this with a nice customer file increase as well. But
right now, it's really difficult to forecast beyond sort of this month, next month, and it will just be how fast
back to work that's going to determine.

Ryan James Merkel
William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division

Yes. That's fair. Thought I'd ask. All right. And then second, I was hoping SG&A was going to offset the
decline in gross margins quarter a little bit better. I know you talked about it a little bit, but just pinpoint
for us. What exactly happened? It seems to me like you're not making much profit on these pandemic
sales. So maybe talk about that. And then is most of this a timing issue with the price cost and the higher
SG&A? And then these trends should start to get a little bit better in 2Q? Just help us with that.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Yes. So let me take -- I mean, so there's a gross profit and SG&A component to your question. And
I'll turn it over to Tom in a minute. From a gross profit perspective, on the pandemic items, we made a
decision, which is we're going to help the health care infrastructure and help government customers. That
decision means in a scarce supply world, we're basically providing product to contract customers, and
those products generally are lower margin to begin with. So that does have an impact on gross profit and
a fairly significant one in the quarter. It's the right thing to do. It's absolutely the right thing to do. That's
going to relieve over time a little bit because there's going to be more product and there's going to be
more customers, hopefully, that open up and that we can serve. So on the gross profit side that certainly
was an impact, which we'll see in the second quarter, but I think, over time, that will relieve some.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

SG&A is a little bit simpler. Over half of our SG&A increase was basically onetime or unusual items. And we
feel like growing SG&A half the rate of sales growth is a very comfortable place for us to be going forward,
given what we know other than the onetimers. I'll turn it over to Tom to provide a few details on that one.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. So let me add just a little bit more color, Ryan. So let's first of all start with gross profit margin. As
we said in our prepared remarks, we went heavy on pricing in Q1 of fiscal year '19. And then we rolled
that back throughout the year. So to your point, that pricing compare will get better throughout the year.
Also from a cost perspective, if you just look at how the tariffs behave on a year-over-year basis, the 2
big tariffs for us are Part 3 and Part 4A. And from a year-over-year impact for Part 3, in fiscal year '19,
that tariff was 10% in Q1. It's 25% in Q1 this year. If we look at 4A, there was no tariff, and there's 15%
or 7.5%. So that is the tariff impact that we saw in Q1. That also will get better throughout the year as
we fully realize the lapping of our tariffs. It will also get better from the realization of our nontariff cost
increases.

Let me move to SG&A and unpack it a little bit better than we did in the prepared remarks. We were up
$47 million on a total company basis, which is a 6.4% increase. If you do look at the onetime items and
that includes onetime legal matters, the extra payroll day. We also had some benefits issue where we were
lapping prior year adjustments and some other onetime costs. D.G. said over 50%. It was actually closer
to 60% of the $47 million. So if you adjust that out, we really grew 2.7%, which gets into about half of
the sales growth. The increase of the 2.7% is on items where we have said that we're investing related
to advertising, technology and adding headcount in the back half. Now having said that, we noted in the
prepared remarks that we're scaling back on advertising. We're taking a stronger look on costs in terms
of taking $40 million to $55 million out sequentially versus Q1. And then the final thing I'll say is, I want
to be clear that we did also have additional costs to serve the pandemic in terms of overtime pandemic
pay, cleaning supplies and those types of items. But the big story in SG&A is the onetime as well as the
investment cost, which we will roll back in the second quarter.

Sorry for the long-winded answer, but it was a broad question. Thank you.

Operator

Our next question is coming from David Manthey of Baird.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Grainger used to give us growth ranges across customer end markets on a monthly basis. And just given
the circumstances, is there any chance that we could get general growth rates for March across the end
markets on Slide 17?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

We'll get back to you on that. It might be more valuable to give you ranges on April, frankly, than March.
We'll get back to you on that and decide whether or not we're going to do any of that. I would say it's
-- if you saw it, it would not be all that surprising. As I mentioned before, there are certain segments,
subsegments that are down tremendously and almost 90%, 70%. And there are certain that are up
significantly, and they would be exactly the ones you think. So I don't think you'd be surprised by any of
it. But we'll talk about whether or not we're going to provide that as we go through the pandemic.

David John Manthey
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

I appreciate it. And second, you saw really nice growth in endless assortment, which was also an area of
recent investment. Did you say that half of the 17% growth rate was COVID-related?

Donald G. Macpherson

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Chairman & CEO

Yes. Yes. I -- yes, that's the U.S. That's the Zoro. Yes. Now let me just give a little bit of caveat to that. If
you do it on a product basis, that's true. But even customers that are heavy COVID product buyers spent
less on other things as the month went on. And so it's a bit of a rough estimate. So I don't want to over
index on that. We feel like we want to be very careful about saying how much was COVID. But certainly,
from a product perspective, that's true, David.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Nigel Coe of Wolfe Research.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Really appreciate the details. I just wanted to just pick up on the SG&A. Obviously, you've provided a lot
of good detail on that already. But as we go into 2Q and if sales continue to trend down 10%, I mean, who
knows, but will you expect that 50% of sales growth or sales declines to hold, D.G. or Tom? Or does the
-- do the impacts of some of these sequential improvements in costs such as the -- I think you mentioned
$40 million, $50 million of sequential declines in costs, does that mean that SG&A could be down a bit
more than that? Just wondering how we should think about SG&A going forward for the rest of the year.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Tom, do you want to take that one?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. Yes. It's a great question, Nigel. I think it depends, Nigel, on how much we see the volume going
down, quite frankly. If volume is going to stay where it's at in terms of 10%, we're probably not going to
pull the more draconian levers in terms of cost reduction. If it goes deeper than that, then we've got a
number of initiatives in the playbook ready to pull it. If you look at the high side of the range we gave,
Nigel, that $55 million sequentially would translate to year-over-year almost 3% reduction. We'd also get
some volume variable cost reduction in addition to that. So I think it's going to be a meaningful SG&A
reduction for Q2. But we're watching this on a daily basis and trying to really thread the needle in terms of
which levers we pull related to the volume reduction.

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Got it. No, that's helpful. And threading the needle is what we're trying to do, so I understand that. And
then just on the mix factor, you -- again, you spent a lot of time talking about mix, but the one point of
mix pressure you saw in 1Q, we all get it. We understand what's driving that. What would that normally
be? Because obviously, the national accounts outgrowth, normally, we're facing some mix pressures. What
would that normally be? Where does that reside? Does it normally reside within the price bucket or the
volume bucket? And then how does mix -- how do you think mix will trend into -- again, I hate to be so
short term here, but do you think mix pressures accelerates into 2Q or remains fairly steady?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. I mean you're talking specifically, Nigel, about gross profit? Or you're talking about sales rather now?

Nigel Edward Coe
Wolfe Research, LLC

Talking here but -- well, I guess both, I mean, mix impacts, mainly gross margin, but whatever is the
better answer.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. If you look at it from a revenue perspective, we've actually got some customer mix component, which
is in volume, but the majority of it is going to fall into price. We mentioned in our prepared remarks the
multi-site customers, but that was a much smaller part of the mix component. The primary part of it was
our lower-margin, health care and government customers. That was the big driver of the customer mix.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I would just add to that, Nigel, that we very recently, like the last few days, we started to get
increase from midsized customers thinking about restarting. They've been on fairly hard shutdown. So
that has been a negative mix. Depending on how fast some of those midsized customers come back,
the mix issues could be alleviated a bit. We would expect, though, for the next -- certainly, for April and
probably for a lot of May, we would expect some of those mix pressures. And then hopefully, as everybody
gets back to work, we would see those alleviate.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Christopher Glynn of Oppenheimer.

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Just if we look at Zoro and/or Zoro and MonotaRO, I'm curious about the possibility of a net benefit this
year with the online effect actually benefiting from distancing. Or otherwise, if there's maybe a divergent
experience of the COVID recession for the endless assortment versus the U.S. segment.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So yes, I can take that one. So Japan has not had yet a hard shutdown like some of the other
markets we've seen. Certainly, we've seen the online model there do very, very well. In Zoro in the U.S.,
Zoro has done quite well as well. And in particular, from a new customer acquisition, as new customers
look for different solutions that are digital, we're seeing a very strong new customer pipeline coming
into Zoro. We also see a lot of that going on at the Grainger online as well from the -- on grainger.com.
So there is certainly a shift to digital, and we think we're well positioned for that shift, both with the
assortment model but also with grainger.com, which is an exceptional solution for industrial businesses. So
we feel like we're well positioned for that shift.

Christopher D. Glynn
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division

Okay. And on the U.S. segment, half of the growth was nonpandemic, and the absolute growth that's
gotten better is the benchmark slope down, certainly, the spread. Curious if you think more of that is for
the -- due to the price for share dynamics on the large contracts enacted last year or if it's more broadly
the Grainger system and market penetration tail on the heels of the 2017 resets.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

I think it's everything that we're doing. I think it's the growth initiatives we've talked about. We're getting
good results out of merchandising, nice results and more efficient marketing. We've added some focus to
KeepStock. So we're providing more inventory management solutions for customers. I think very little of it
is actually the price dynamic, and more of it is the actions that we're taking to drive growth.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Yes. I guess the one thing that I would add that might be helpful color is when you look at our share gain,
we said it was 700 bps outgrowth in Q1. If you look at it in March, it was significantly higher than that,
almost double share gain in terms of March, which would -- leads you to potentially conclude that when
times get really tough, the good things that we're doing, the customers are coming to us and allowing us
to take share.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Adam Uhlman of Cleveland Research.

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

I hope the whole team is healthy. I had a follow-up question on the gross margin discussion for the second
quarter. Understanding there are a lot of moving pieces, and thanks for the detail on the national sales
meeting for the headwind there. But any way that we could frame how much further down we should be
bracing for the gross margin to slip in the second quarter? I mean we talked about a couple of hundred
basis points of this mix headwind we're seeing in April persists.

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Sure. It's really hard to predict that because we have good guys happening in terms of the compare
of the price inflation going down materially in the second quarter. We've also got better lapping in terms of
inflation, nontariff inflation and tariff inflation. So those are really good things. It's just so hard to predict
the pandemic of how much of an offset. And it really comes back to D.G.'s point is when are the other
nonpandemic businesses really going to start to come back to work. So we've got a big chunk of tailwinds.
It's just we don't know how big the headwind would be. Not trying to be evasive. It's just hard to call the
ball right now.

Adam William Uhlman
Cleveland Research Company

Okay. Got you. And then just a different topic. Any way to frame how much of your customer base is
closed right now? And then secondly, there's probably some customers that are restricting access for
vending or what have you. Any broad sense of how much of your sales force is limited right now?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So we have a number of customers that we cannot get into to refill vending ourselves, but we flip
most of them to customer-managed inventory, and most of those customers have people working. I would
say it's very difficult to say how many are really closed. But certainly, it's -- a portion of the business is
really close. As I said, if we looked into 4 groups, the ones that are really busy right now, you kind of
say, 10-40-40-10. Meaning 10% are really busy; 40% are less impacted essential businesses; 40% are
nonessential, but they're really -- they're working on some sort of reduced schedule; and 10% roughly are
what we would call disrupted. And so those are businesses that have a significant disruption right now that
are doing a whole lot. They may not be fully closed, but for all intents and purposes, they are closed.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

First question is for Tom, and it's the outlook on free cash flow for the year. Just in terms of the playbook
for industrial distributors, typically, you'd be selling down from inventory with lower demand that typically
gives you a boost on free cash flow conversion. Maybe you're also pulling back some CapEx. But just kind
of give us the dynamics there from a free cash flow perspective.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Deane. Yes, we feel really good about our free cash flow. If you look at our cash conversion cycle,
despite us working with customers to be constructive in terms of payment terms, we were actually better
by 4 days versus the prior year quarter. So we feel that we're managing working capital really well.

As it relates to destocking of inventory, frankly, that's not the playbook we're running. We're positioned for
the future here. When the recovery starts to happen and those customers start coming back, we want to
make sure that we're able to provide the benefit to them. We feel that we're uniquely positioned with our
balance sheet and our liquidity to be able to really come out of the gate strong when the market takes off.

Deane Michael Dray
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

That's a helpful ending to that answer because that's what I'd like to ask D.G. about. I'm not asking about
the timing of the recovery because no one really knows at this stage. But did you -- you suggested there'd
be ways that Grainger would come out stronger. You've added customers. But I'd also be interested in
what you think changes about the business in terms of your customer base, their inventory levels that
will carry. I mean it used to be just in time. Now it's more some buffer inventory just in case. Maybe you
have to do more cleaning of your DCs. Just the dynamics of what changes on the other side, both from
customer behavior, maybe adding more customers and maybe some incremental costs as just standard
business going forward.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So thanks, Deane. I -- since you can't predict what's going to happen, my assumption is that for a
while, we're going to be in a situation where we have to be careful around the virus on some level even
if businesses are back to work. And so over the short to midterm, I think there's going to be a lot of
questions around, do we have the right stock of cleaning supplies and PPE to make sure we can actually
work. And so we're already starting with customer -- talking to customers about how to come back to
work and how can we help them think about how to come back to work. And so that's going to be a big,
big topic.

Whether or not we turn to more buffer inventories or not is debatable. We've had shocks in the past,
and it hasn't changed behavior. This one feels like it could. So I'm guessing that we are going to be in
a position where we're helping customers think more about inventory stocks than we have in the past
for certain products. I still think that us managing inventory and keeping the inventory levels down is
going to be an important topic for most customers going forward. But certainly, there's going to be some
industries that are very, very different, and there's going to be some that are new, and we're going to
have to navigate through that, and we've already started talking about that.

In terms of our own business, I think we're all going to have to be more careful. We're thinking differently
about how our buildings are configured. Most of our distribution centers have been designed to bring
people into lunch rooms, for example, for camaraderie. But right now, that doesn't make as much sense.
And so we're talking about, well, how do we do -- how do we have multiple lunch spots. There's this all
kinds of details that we're working through that are going to change. And I think it's -- we're just going
to have the same priorities, keep our team members safe, serve our customers well, do it responsibly,
and that's going to be the focus. And we have a team, a pandemic team that's working on all of those
operational issues right now on how to get back to work and how we operate in the future.

Operator

Our next question is coming from John Inch of Gordon Haskett.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Thanks very much. D.G., I'm wondering, given the new Fabory write-downs, if you could update us on
your strategic thoughts on retaining or divesting either Cromwell or Fabory. How are you thinking about
that framework, particularly against what's happening in the economy?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I mean we're always evaluating the portfolio and looking at whether or not we should be investing or
not in businesses. Now is no different. We continue to look at all of our businesses, and we can't comment,
obviously, on specific actions that we plan to take. But certainly, we are looking at businesses. Those 2
businesses are important ones to look at. One thing I would point out is it's kind of interesting. Cromwell
and Canada both, before the pandemic in the quarter, actually, we're on expectations, which was good to
see. So we actually were getting a little bit of traction with both of those businesses, which was great. And
then, of course, the world changed. And for Cromwell, we're excited to see if we can continue on a strong
path and Canada as well. So I would say we continue to look at the portfolio, and we'll continue to do that
consistently.

John George Inch
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Yes. So that's fine. I appreciate the answer. I thought perhaps you had put them on kind of a time line.
If memory serves, you're going to sort of wait for the trend of profit or whatever. Just as a follow-up, I'm
wondering if you could also comment on Zoro. Obviously, it's done really well. In theory, it could take a lot
of virtual share coming out of this. I'm just wondering like how you're thinking about the pandemic in the
context of possibly maybe monetizing that business down the road, maybe along with just like the whole
endless assortment. Is it -- does this, in theory, push that out? Or does it pull it forward? Or does it not
really have much of any impact thus far?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

I don't think it's going to have -- obviously, who knows, but I don't think in terms of how long this lasts.
But I think that it doesn't have a lot of impact to our timing. So Masaya Suzuki is running MonotaRO.
He's been the CEO of MonotaRO now, in charge of Zoro in both the U.K. and the U.S. They are working
very hard to improve the profitability and growth rates of both of those businesses. We're seeing good
traction. At some point, that question may become more near term. But right now, they're really focused
on improving the business and working together to make sure we do that. So that's the focus right now.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Patrick Baumann of JPMorgan.

Patrick Michael Baumann
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just the first one with maybe within the 10% decline in April to date, just curious if you could provide
a range of growth you're seeing in the safety and cleaning supplies or whatever you consider to be
pandemic-related and then how long a tail you see on that demand, if you look at the backlog of requests
for those products. And then it would also be helpful along those lines to understand like what percentage
of your business is pandemic-related products or what you consider to be that.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So we haven't released those numbers. Pandemic-related items, though, are, I would say, way up.
Facility numbers and the backlog is even sillier than that, to be frank. So I mentioned it on the call, I
mentioned on the prepared remarks, we literally took orders for decades worth of product in a few days
in some cases. And so we continue to get product in. We continue to prioritize. We've had to change our
processes for those items. And it depends how much, I guess, you feel -- the length of time that we had
increased sales of pandemic items depends in large part on whether or not you believe the backlog is real.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

In many cases, it is real. Depending on what happens, some of that might not happen. But certainly, we
have a big backlog of those products and continue to -- we'll continue to sell those. Pandemic is a minority
of the total product, but it's not a small minority. It's a significant portion of what we're selling normally.
Cleaning and safety and -- are big products for -- are big product categories for us in general.

Patrick Michael Baumann
JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. And then just the follow-up would be on margins. In the first quarter, you had lower margins despite
higher sales for all the reasons you discussed. Just wondering if you could give any color on what kind
of range we should be thinking about for decremental margins if sales are down, say, 10%? I think last
downturn, incrementals were only like 20%, but this one seems a little bit different. So just curious how
you think about that.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. Tom, do you want to take that one?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, sure. Decremental margins, an interesting calculation, especially in the pandemic, just because their
assumptions are so related to volume deterioration and gross margin. You referenced '08, '09, there's
a little bit of a nuance there where I don't think it's apples to oranges. As you said, we had big pricing
impact back in '08 and'09, which winded the decremental margin. If you're looking at 10% down with a
range of, I guess, a reasonable gross margin, I could see a decremental margin being 45%, 40% to 45%
to maybe 50% down. And that's largely driven by -- if it's only 10% down, we're probably not going to do
those draconian cost initiatives. On the other hand, if we start to get for a more severe downturn with a
longer duration, then we would go to our cost initiative playbook that we've got ready and pull more of
the SG&A cost initiatives. And there, I could see the decremental margin being 35% to 40%. So it's really
highly sensitive on what you're assuming. Hopefully, that's helpful to give you a range.

Operator

Our next question is from Christopher Dankert of Longbow Research.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Apologies if I missed it. But did you stake out what national account growth was in the quarter? Just any
update you can give on kind of the C-suite executive sales growth initiatives. I assume you've got a lot
more touch points in the midst of virus but maybe less access. So just any comments on that national
accounts growth plan.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think we've seen solid growth. We've had a number of wins. I think any first quarter number is
going to be inflated due to the pandemic because all of our health care business is basically on corporate
accounts. But we continue to see good traction with our corporate accounts. And coming out of this, we
think we're going to be in a position to get growth up and share gain up with those national accounts. I
would say there's no real change in terms of the strategy. We have had a number of wins, and we feel
very confident about the path we're on with our corporate accounts.

Christopher M. Dankert
Longbow Research LLC

Got it. Got it. And if I can just sneak one last one in here. Circling back to Zoro really quickly, Masaya has
been onboard for 2, 3 months now. Just any color on some of the biggest investment opportunities or

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

optimization he may have highlighted. Just does anything change there? Any just high-level thoughts on
where we're going strategically there?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. I think it's -- there's some significant changes. I think the team is thinking hard about discounting
strategy, when to run targeted discounts versus big promotions. My guess is we will move to more
targeted discounts, lower discount rates for acquisition, spending a lot of time thinking about which
customers we're attracting and getting the attractive business customers and what actually it takes to win
those and get those to be consistent purchasers. And so I think the team is really working hard on those
things. And the size is certainly helping them think through a whole range of issues around how to grow,
but how to grow with improved profit.

Operator

Our next question is coming from Hamzah Mazari of Jefferies.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Hope you're all safe and healthy. My first question is just on medium customers. What are you hearing
there? I know you referenced most of them are shut down. But any update on strategy to gain share
there? And whether in a downturn, you had mentioned you -- historically, you've gained share. Does that
also apply on the medium customer base? Or is that sort of different versus large customers?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

No, I think everything applies for midsized customers. I think that -- so certainly, we've seen more impact
to midsized customers. More of those customers have been closed. That said, we continue to see nice
returns from our marketing activity with midsized customers. And our inventory position and our ability to
provide strong service typically works very, very well in this situation. And we would expect as customers
come back on that we will be able to acquire more, which we've been doing, and also increase volumes
pretty significantly. So we're pretty excited about that path. As I mentioned, we're starting to get inquiries
from midsized customers about, can you help us that are new midsized customers? Can you help us get
back up and running? And that's really exciting to see, and so we're going to work very hard to capitalize
on that.

Hamzah Mazari
Jefferies LLC, Research Division

Great. And my follow-up question is on Zoro. And you may have touched on this, so I apologize if it's
repetition. But how independent is that supply chain today from parent company, GWW? And any thoughts
on re-segmenting that for more visibility? Is it sort of a different tech platform than sort of the parent
business? Any thoughts as to independence of that business today versus years ago? And then sort of -- I
know it's buried in other businesses, but any thoughts on re-segmentation?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Yes. So let me answer both of those. The first one, a lot of the investments we've made in the last
year have gotten, is or are, a lot more independents. And so while they still rely on Grainger's supply
chain, in many cases, they are becoming less and less reliant as they have other partners that provide
delivery service for them to their customers. And so a lot of what we're doing is making that business
more independent and operating it more similar to what MonotaRO does, which is to leverage multiple
third parties for low-volume items to really drive the growth. In terms of segments, we will follow SEC
guidelines, and we will think through segments during this year. And we'll get back to you by the end of
the year if there's going to be any difference.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Operator

Our next question is coming from Michael McGinn of Wells Fargo.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

If I can go back to the margin discussion real quick. The $40 million to $55 million of SG&A savings
identified, is that a fixed number? Or does that include also some flex down as a percent of sales?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

It includes some amount of flex down, but not fully all of those are flex down. So we would expect that we
would get additional volume variable over and above the $40 million to $55 million.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. So assuming the $40 million to $55 million, they can see about a 728 base, plus you're saying
additional percentage of sales savings. So that would put us somewhere in, I think my back of the
envelope math, an 8% operating margin, which is 200 basis points below the -- or a 9% trough? Is that
the way to think about this for just this downturn as it stands without the additional actions Phase 2?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

Well, I think the way to think about SG&A, let's just take the $55 million SG&A reduction at the high
end. If you compare that with what we did in Q2 for SG&A, that would be roughly a $20 million reduction
or about 3%. Now depending on where volume tracks to, you're going to get some additional volume
variable. So I would look at it as you're going to get 3-plus percent in terms of SG&A reduction versus the
prior year.

Michael Lawrence McGinn
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division

Okay. And then just quickly on the PP&E. You mentioned large sales, blanket purchase orders. Have you
collected deposits for those? Or are those cancelable? Or how do you see those progressing throughout
the year?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Well, it depends. I mean for most orders in the backlog, we would not have deposits collected. For large
special orders, we would often have deposits collected. But in terms of the backlog, we don't typically get
payment until we actually ship and bill.

Operator

Our final question today will be coming from Justin Bergner of G. Research.

Justin Laurence Bergner
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Good work on everything the company is doing. I guess what hasn't been covered, which stood out, was
the retail sales up mid-20s. Are you seeing sort of an acceleration there besides the COVID-19 demand?
How large as a percentage of your business is that? And again, are the margins there mix-dilutive when
you normalize for sort of COVID-19 product? Or are they mix-similar or mix-accretive?

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Well, so retail for us typically is serving distribution centers that serve retail. And so we have very large
customers that are e-commerce players typically that would fall in there. That is slightly mix-dilutive as a
customer group, certainly, but it's also a very important customer group. And so what we're talking about
there is typically serving the industrial side of retail as opposed to retail stores. And most, right now, what
we've seen is almost all e-commerce traffic, as you probably realized, is way up. And so our business to
distribution centers that are serving that e-commerce traffic is way up.

Justin Laurence Bergner
Morgan Group Holding Co.

Got it. Yes, good work there. And then just a follow-up question is on the SG&A costs being higher in
the quarter, did some of that flow through corporate unallocated costs? Because that seems to be up
materially year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. Were there any other dynamics there in the corporate
cost bucket?

Thomas B. Okray
Senior VP & CFO

No. I would -- it was about half of that was flowing through the corporate unallocated. And if you adjust
for that, we're very comparable to last year in the corporate unallocated. And in terms of looking at it on a
full year basis, we should not be materially different in the corporate unallocated. So it's a good question,
Justin. Half of that was corporate unallocated.

Operator

This brings us to the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to
D.G. for closing comments.

Donald G. Macpherson
Chairman & CEO

Great. Well, thanks for joining us today. I really hope all of you are safe and healthy.

I just want to reiterate that we are doing everything we can to help. And helping the health crisis first is
the most important thing, so we can all get back to work. We've taken a lot of action to ensure that we
can continue to operate, serve our customers very well during this time, keep our team members safe and
make sure we're in a strong financial position. We view this as certainly a short-term threat, but we view
it as a long-term opportunity. We think we're going to come out of this stronger. We think we're going to
gain customers. We think we're going to find all kinds of new opportunities coming out of this, and we are
already starting to work those. And we already have some get-to-work plans already in place. So we're
really excited about the future.

Thank you for spending the time with us, and really appreciate that. And please be safe, and we'll talk to
you soon. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect
your lines or log off the webcast at this time, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  APR 23, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

