Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. 

NasdaqGS:WBA
FQ4 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 15, 2020 12:30 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ4 2020-

-FQ1 2021-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

0.96

1.02

6.25

1.04

4.68

4.74

1.28

4.92

34364.08

34746.00

1.11

34926.36

139176.41

139537.00

0.26

143189.15

EPS 
Normalized 

Revenue  
(mm)

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-15-2020 1:21 PM GMT

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

1.41

1.46

1.20

0.96

1.37

1.52

0.83

1.02

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

(2.84 %)

4.11 %

(30.83 %)

6.25 %

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Gerald Gradwell
Senior Vice President of Investor
Relations

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

ANALYSTS

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.
Fourth Quarter Earnings 2020 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Gerald Gradwell, Senior Vice
President of Special Projects and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

Gerald Gradwell
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 earnings
call. On the call with me today are Stefano Pessina, our Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance; James Kehoe, our Global Chief Financial Officer; and Alex Gourlay, Co-
Chief Operating Officer of Walgreens Boots Alliance.

Before I hand you over to Stefano to make some opening comments, I will, as usual, take you through
the legal safe harbor and cautionary declarations. Certain statements and projections of future results
made in this presentation constitute forward-looking statements that are based on our current market,
competitive and regulatory expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to vary materially. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement
after this presentation, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions
or otherwise. Please see our latest Form 10-K and 10-Q for a discussion of risk factors as they relate
to forward-looking statements. And note, in particular, that these forward-looking statements may be
affected by risks relating to the spread and impact of the coronavirus COVID pandemic.

In today's presentation, we will use certain non-GAAP financial measures. We refer you to the appendix
in the presentation materials available on our Investor Relations website for reconciliations to the most
directly comparable GAAP financial measures and related information. You'll find a link to the webcast on
our Investor Relations website at investor.walgreensbootsalliance.com. After the call, this presentation and
webcast will be archived on the website for 12 months.

I will now hand you over to Stefano.

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Gerald, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to say that the fourth quarter earnings we
have announced today are at the upper end of the guidance we provided for the quarter. In common with
many other businesses, COVID had a material impact on the year, most notably in the second half. And as
a consequence, this pulled down our results for the year as a whole.

This has been a very difficult time but, as you would expect, we are proving to be very resilient. We are
financially robust with strong and reliable cash flow, driven in part by our brand and customer loyalty. And
this has allowed us to continue to invest in modernizing our company. We are confident we will come out
of this in better shape as an organization.

There is nothing that should surprise you in what we have reported today. James and Alex will take you
through the quarter in detail in a moment and provide our initial thoughts on what you should expect for
the year ahead.

Clearly, there are still many uncertainties around COVID in terms of the development of the pandemic
and how governments worldwide will continue to respond. However, in the last quarter, we have seen
signs of improvement in customer trends and, as a result, the decline of our business has notably slowed.
In addition, there is clear evidence that as and when restrictions are eased, customers do come back to

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

us, both physically in store and through omnichannel. And while some elements of our business may be
changed forever, our positioning with the communities we serve remains strong.

As we look at our business going forward, we see opportunities as well as risks, and we are making every
effort to ensure we are well placed to maximize the opportunities. It is clear, however, that pharmacy will
continue to play an ever-greater role in local community health care management through testing and
potentially through vaccinations.

For some times, we have talked of our work to accelerate the digitalization of our company. Initially, much
of this work was going on behind the scenes: moving it to a more cloud-based data structure and putting
in place the systems and structures to use this data more effectively. As you will hear from Alex in a
moment, the benefits of these work are now becoming more evident with notable improvements to our
customer experience at a time when demand for our omnichannel solutions has never been greater.

Throughout this crisis, the vital role that pharmacy plays for the customers we serve has been
comprehensively proven. It is a great tribute to our teams that we have continued to service our
pharmacy patients without major disruptions to drug availability or to our high standards of care.

Looking forward to 2021 and beyond, we have initiatives underway to further strengthen the bond we
have with our customers, whether they choose to interact with us physically or virtually, driving volumes
in both pharmacy and retail. There is no doubt that all markets and many businesses will continue to
face the negative impacts of COVID in fiscal year '21, and it is expected that the next 2 quarters will see
difficult trading conditions. However, we are optimistic that we will see a market recovery as the year
progresses.

In our own businesses, we expect to see a significant improvement in our performance in the second half
of the year. The work we are doing to address the challenges give us confidence that we will come out of
the year strongly and consistently deliver long-term sustainable growth.

I will hand you over to James now to go through the results we have announced today in detail.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Thank you, Stefano, and good morning. Full year adjusted EPS was $4.74, a decrease of 20.6% in
constant currency, mostly due to an estimated COVID impact of approximately $1.06. This result was at
the upper end of our guidance range we provided at our third quarter earnings call.

Adjusted EPS was $1.02 in the fourth quarter, compared to $1.43 in the prior year, a decline of 27.9% on
a constant currency basis. The estimated COVID impact was approximately $0.46.

Our Transformational Cost Management Program remains on track to deliver at least $2 billion of annual
cost savings by 2022, and cash generation was strong. Operating cash flow was $5.5 billion, with free cash
flow growing 5.6% to $4.1 billion.

Looking ahead, we are introducing guidance for fiscal year '21 of low single-digit growth in adjusted EPS at
constant currencies low. While we expect the first half to be impacted by continued COVID pressures, we
expect strong growth in the second half of the year.

Now let's look in more detail at the full year results. Full year sales increased 2% versus prior year.
On a constant currency basis, sales increased 2.5%, with solid growth in Retail Pharmacy USA and
Pharmaceutical Wholesale, only partly offset by a decline in sales in Retail Pharmacy International. Overall,
COVID-19 reduced sales growth by approximately 100 basis points, with over 80% of the impact in the
Retail Pharmacy International segment. Adjusted operating income declined 24.8% on a constant currency
basis, mainly due to the adverse impact of COVID-19, which accounted for over 70% of the year-on-year
decline.

Adjusted EPS was $4.74, down 20.6% on a constant currency basis. Around 18 percentage points of the
decline was related to COVID-19 impacts that predominantly impacted the second half of the year. GAAP
EPS declined 88%, including the third quarter impairment charge of $2 billion relating to Boots.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Turning next to the fourth quarter performance. Sales were up 2.3% on a reported and constant currency
basis, mainly driven by Retail Pharmacy USA and Pharmaceutical Wholesale, and only partly offset by
Retail Pharmacy International. Adjusted operating income declined 27.4% on a constant currency basis,
reflecting an estimated $520 million adverse impact due to COVID-19. Over 60% of the impact was in
international markets. Adjusted EPS was $1.02, a constant currency decline of 27.9%. While the coded
impact of $0.46 was significant, it was an improvement compared to the $0.63 impact in the third quarter.

Let's now look at the performance of our divisions, and I will focus primarily on our fourth quarter
performance. Let's start with Retail Pharmacy USA. Sales increased 3.6% in the fourth quarter, including
the impact of store closures. Total comp sales grew 3.6%, with pharmacy growing 3.2% and retail 4.7%.
Adjusted gross profit declined 4.5%, and adjusted gross margin declined 170 basis points, a sequential
improvement of 85 basis points compared to the third quarter. We estimate that the result includes
COVID-19-related margin impacts of approximately 50 basis points, mostly due to continued adverse
product mix and higher supply chain costs. The remaining margin variation was due to ongoing pharmacy
reimbursement pressure and the impact of specialty mix of around 60 basis points.

Adjusted SG&A spend declined 0.1% in the quarter, and SG&A as a percentage of sales improved 60
basis points year-on-year. Savings from the Transformational Cost Management Program offset inflation
and volume impacts, higher investments, year-on-year bonus changes and COVID-related costs of $53
million. Adjusted operating income declined 22.2%, including an estimated adverse COVID impact of
approximately $200 million or 17.5%.

Now let's look in more detail at pharmacy. Total pharmacy sales increased 4.2% in the quarter, reflecting
script growth, brand inflation, and central specialty growth of 12.5%. Comp pharmacy sales increased
3.2%. Comp prescriptions grew 3.6% in the quarter, slightly better than the growth rate we predicted on
the third quarter earnings call. While the comp growth has recovered nicely from the third quarter, it is
still below the pre-COVID growth rate of 4.9%. As expected, the prescription market as a whole is down
versus pre-COVID levels. However, new-to-therapy scripts improved compared to the third quarter. We
have now tested over 1 million people for COVID across 444 sites with an average turnaround time of 24
to 72 hours.

Turning next to our U.S. retail business, which delivered sequential improvement in both sales growth
and gross margin. Retail sales increased 1.5% in the quarter, including negative impacts from our store
optimization programs. Comp sales increased 4.7%, quite a bit above the 2% to 3% growth expectation
we highlighted on the third quarter call and a sequential improvement of 280 basis points compared to the
third quarter. Excluding tobacco, comp sales were up 6.5%.

The performance was boosted by our successful execution across all PPE categories. We estimated
that PPE boosted our comps by around 4.6 percentage points, and our mass personalization marketing
program drove another 140 basis points of growth. We saw strong comp growth in health and wellness
and personal care, up 15% and 8%, respectively. And this was partly offset by declines in the more
discretionary beauty and photo categories, which were down 3% and 4%, respectively.

While foot traffic improved gradually, overall traffic was down a little bit more than 10%, led by sharp
declines in larger cities and travel destinations, which were down around 39%. That said, consumers
continue to buy more per visit, and basket size increased in the high teens. Store gross margin declined
10 basis points in the quarter versus prior year, due mostly to adverse sales mix away from higher-margin
discretionary categories. However, this was a sequential improvement of 70 basis points compared to the
third quarter as we saw improving sales mix as discretionary categories recovered.

Turning next to Retail Pharmacy International, and as usual, I'll talk to constant currency. The COVID
pandemic continues to cause notable disruption across many of our international markets and particularly
in the U.K. Sales declined 15.4% in the quarter, but this was a big improvement on the third quarter
decline of 26%. Overall, the estimated COVID impact on adjusted operating income was around $300
million in the quarter, and this led to an adjusted operating loss of $3 million in the fourth quarter, down
$196 million versus prior year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Now let's look in more detail at Boots UK, which delivered better sales growth than we expected. Footfall
remains well below last year, particularly in the major high street and travel locations where Boots has a
prominent store presence. Footfall continues to be impacted by government travel restrictions, increased
working from home and localized lockdowns.

Comparable pharmacy sales increased 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Lower demand for scripts and services,
reflecting reduced footfall especially in city centers, was offset by favorable phasing of NHS funding. Retail
comp sales declined 29.2%, better than our prior expectations. As targeted marketing activities were
implemented, and we saw some recovery in footfall to our flagship and destination stores, overall, the
performance was much better than last quarter when comp retail sales were down 48%.

Boots.com had a great quarter, with sales growth accelerating to 155%, up from 78% growth in the third
quarter. Retail gross margin was lower in the quarter, primarily due to higher fulfillment costs due to the
substantial growth of Boots.com and marketing programs to drive traffic.

Now I'll make a few comments about our international retail business. One of our top priorities is to
turnaround Boots UK and return it to profitable growth. The U.K. team has taken swift actions on both
sales growth and cost reduction. As mentioned earlier, targeted marketing activity is driving better sales
performance than we had anticipated. And Boots.com sales growth was exceptional, and we further
extended our fulfillment capabilities with in-store picking now operational in over 90% of our stores.

Together with our hybrid stores, this gives us much greater flexibility and capacity as we head into our
peak trading season. And online new product launches included popular beauty brands, such as MAC and
NARS. We are investing in our leading No7 beauty brand with new counters and fixtures in almost 300
stores with plans to extend to 1/3 of our stores by the end of February. We continue to play a key role in
the community with over 1 million COVID tests completed for the NHS.

And finally, an update on our retail joint venture in China. The store count is now more than 7,500,
roughly doubling since our original investment in 2018.

Turning now to our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, which I'll also discuss in constant currency.
Pharmaceutical Wholesale delivered another good performance for the quarter, with sales up 4.3% versus
prior year, led by emerging markets, Germany and France. Adjusted operating income increased 8.3%,
mainly reflecting sales growth and cost management.

Turning next to cash flow. Full year operating cash flow was $5.5 billion, and free cash flow was $4.1
billion. Strong cash flow generation was mainly driven by working capital initiatives. Included in the results
were onetime COVID-related government contributions, but these were fully offset by higher safety stock.
Capital expenditures were $328 million lower than prior year, mainly due to project deferrals as a result of
the COVID pandemic. Free cash flow increased $219 million or 5.6% versus prior year despite estimated
COVID impacts on adjusted operating income of around $1.2 billion. The growth in free cash flow was
driven by a $1.4 billion improvement in working capital, largely due to optimization programs across both
inventory and accounts payable. So overall, it was a very good year for cash flow. And looking forward, we
remain highly focused on cash generation and have a strong pipeline of working capital initiatives.

I'll now update you on the Transformational Cost Management Program, which is very much on track.
Last quarter, we increased our savings target to in excess of $2 billion in annual cost savings by fiscal
'22. In the U.S., our store operating model transformation is well underway, and we continued our store
optimization program in the quarter.

In the U.K., we are restructuring the Boots business model. Last quarter, we announced plans to reduce
the workforce in Boots U.K. and Boots Opticians by approximately 7%. The program is on track with
end-to-end process optimization driving enhanced efficiency and effectiveness. We have completed
the transition of the majority of our IT Run and Operational services to TCS ahead of plan, and we are
now starting to unlock the strategic benefits. And we recently announced a restructuring of our global
brands organization to drive efficiency and speed to market. But let me emphasize one thing. This is more
than a cost transformation. At its core is safe to invest to grow. We are aggressively tackling our cost
structure, and that will free up the funds needed to invest in future growth. At the same time, we are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

also reinventing how we do business, redesigning end-to-end processes, upgrading operating models and
creating new capabilities that will drive long-term growth.

Next, let's turn to guidance. Let me first lay out some of the key assumptions underpinning our fiscal '21
guidance. We expect an adjusted effective tax rate of around 15.5%, and this creates an EPS headwind
of approximately 1%. As announced earlier, we have halted our share repurchase program. And with the
exception of anti-dilutive share repurchases, we are not planning share repurchases in fiscal '21. Based on
current exchange rates, we expect the impact of currencies to be broadly neutral to operating income.

We are increasing our digital development and omnichannel investments by $400 million to a total of $1
billion in fiscal '21. Of this year-on-year increase, $165 million is higher operating expense, leading to an
approximate 3 percentage point impact on adjusted EPS. And finally, we are confirming our long-term goal
of in excess of $2 billion of savings from the Transformational Cost Management Program by 2022.

Turning now to our adjusted EPS guidance. We estimate low-single digit growth in adjusted EPS on a
constant currency basis. And we are expecting a very different profile in the first half of the year compared
to the second half of the year. While we assume continued gradual improvements quarter-by-quarter, it
is realistic to assume continued negative COVID-19 impacts in the first 2 quarters of the year. As such,
we are assuming a first half decline in adjusted EPS of 17% to 23%. Please note that we will be lapping
a prior year discrete tax benefit in the first quarter of fiscal '20, and this results in an adjusted EPS
headwind of approximately 6 percentage points.

We do expect COVID-19 impacts to subside in the second half of the year as more and more people are
vaccinated and foot traffic gradually recovers. As such, we expect a much stronger second half and are
assuming adjusted EPS growth of 30% to 40% as growth initiatives take hold, the impact of COVID tails
off and we lap a weak prior year.

Obviously, the evolution of the pandemic is uncertain. And COVID-19 could present both incremental risks
as well as opportunities. For example, we have not assumed significant new government restrictions or
extensive stay-at-home orders, and that could present a risk to our projections. On the other hand, we
have not taken into consideration the opportunity from the role we may play in the widespread distribution
of vaccines because those programs and their timing are still being finalized.

In summary, the fourth quarter results were at the high end of our guidance range. We are in a strong
financial position and finished the year with free cash flow of $4.1 billion, up 5.6% versus prior year. We
are introducing fiscal '21 guidance of low single-digit growth in adjusted EPS at constant currencies, and
we expect to exit fiscal '21 strongly with double-digit growth in adjusted EPS in the second half of the
year. At the same time, we are investing to accelerate our enterprise digitalization with a specific focus on
transforming our omnichannel capabilities and developing new health care opportunities.

I'll now hand over to Alex.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Thank you, James. During these challenging times, we continue to safely deliver essential services while
accelerating our digital transformation. Our health care platform is delivering a personalized experience to
our millions of customers every day. At a time when many Americans face unemployment and potential
loss of health insurance, we can help patients maintain access to affordable medicines.

As an example, we have relaunched our Prescription Savings Club, offering lower prices on hundreds of
medications. Average weekly enrollment in the Savings Club has increased by over 400% since the June
relaunch with members saving over $164 million of the cash retail price on their prescriptions. Also last
week, we launched Find Rx Coverage Advisor, a new resource providing customers with personalized
guidance on health and prescription drug coverage options.

Our Find Care platform, which connects patients to telehealth providers, has also grown significantly
since the start of the pandemic. In the quarter, traffic to the site increased 36x versus last year to over
8.5 million visits. And we continue to make excellent progress planning the rollout of our VillageMD

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

partnership, working closely with our partners on physical locations, digital presence and health care
services.

Alongside health care, we're accelerating our retail offering in-store and through our omnichannel
infrastructure. Our partnership with Kroger continues to progress well, with positive results from Kroger
Express and the continued development of a GPO.

Sales in Walgreens.com were up 39% versus prior year, and digitally initiated sales were up 7% in the
quarter. Our mass personalization program boosted retail sales by 140 basis points in the quarter, a
significant increase from the 95 basis points impact last quarter. And we also saw a significant increase in
customers ordering online and collecting at drive-throughs and the curb side. Now available nationwide
versus last quarter, these sales grew by 2.7x.

We are also accelerating the pace of our technology transformation with a further 1,145 stores converted
to retail SAP in the quarter, taking the total to over 3,500 stores. The rollout of SAP at a store level
provides a wide range of benefits as a management and operational tool, gaining us real-time information
to operations, stock levels and movement. It also gives us far better detail and time and visibility on our
business. More importantly, however, its implementation joins up our operations with a reliable and proven
cloud platform, which will significantly enhance local fulfillment of our omnichannel offering.

In the past few quarters, you've heard us refer to our work to digitalize the company and build a
truly omnichannel interface with our customers. The foundations of this were put in place through our
partnership with Microsoft, moving us to a primarily cloud-based data infrastructure, and then working
jointly with Microsoft and Adobe to build a mass personalization engine that accesses and enriches our
existing data.

The results of our mass personalization work have been driving a new and much more targeted interaction
with our customers over recent months. The nature of the personalization engine means that it learns
more about our customers' preferences and refines its outputs the more it is used. So with time, we are
seeing it get better and more effective quarter by quarter. We are now beginning to roll out the next
elements of this customer-facing initiative, progressively building and enhancing the customer experience
through content, engagement and rewards for use and loyalty.

In November, we are relaunching our customer loyalty program as myWalgreens. This goes well beyond
updating the look and feel of our app to create a seamless retail and pharmacy experience. The new
program will greatly simplify how customers accumulate and use their rewards and will create a much
more engaging health-orientated relationship. Members will earn 5% Walgreens Cash in all of our owned
brand products and 1% on all other qualifying purchases. Walgreens Cash can be applied to future
transactions or used to support their chosen causes.

myWalgreens will be heavily focused on health and well-being with content, service and offers specifically
curated to each member. All of our 100 million existing loyalty members will have the opportunity to
convert their current points balance to Walgreens Cash while seamlessly switching to the new program. As
with our personalization program, myWalgreens will evolve and develop as members use it. And we plan
to announce significant developments to the membership in the months ahead.

Supporting this, we have made considerable enhancements to our fulfillment abilities. As you have heard,
we have significantly increased our online capacity in response to the heightened demand in recent
months. Starting this Friday, we will be rolling out a significantly improved, convenient customer offering.
This will allow online or app orders to be ready for collection in as little as 30 minutes, in-store, our drive-
through windows or curbside, all available nationwide. This level of responsiveness is unpresented in our
sector, and it redefines customer convenience, a real differentiator for us. This demonstrates in a very
practical way some of the benefits of our work to update our infrastructure and to digitalize our business.
There is a lot more to come from these initiatives as we look ahead over the coming months, and I'm very
excited to be able to share some of the first, more customer-focused initiatives of this immense program
to modernize our company and rethink so many elements of our business.

Let me now pass it back to Stefano for his closing comments.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

Thank you, Alex. We have come to unprecedented market conditions, but we are on our way to putting
that behind us. And the work we are doing gives us grounds for optimism. As we have said, we expect the
first half of the year will be challenging, but we are optimistic of a recovery in the second half.

You have heard from Alex about the exciting changes underway in our omnichannel offering. There
is much more to come as the work on each of our key strategic priorities increasingly bear fruit and
revitalizes our business. We look forward to being able to share more about these initiatives in the months
to come.

While we deliver on our strategic priorities, we are also constantly reviewing the shape and structure
of the company to ensure we are best positioned to recover strongly and return to stable and reliable
growth. The changes in management responsibility for Alex and Ornella, our Co-COO, announced last
quarter are allowing us a renewed focus and clarity on our business and are helping deliver these changes.
The appointment of John Standley as President of Walgreens will, again, allow Alex to focus most of his
attention on the digitalization work and other initiatives.

Now I know there is much interest in the work we are doing to identify a new CEO as I move to the
Executive Chairman role. All I can say is that the work the Board is doing to identify the right person
is well underway, and we will update you when we have something to report. This said, as I hope you
can see, this is not delaying our progress, and the entire team are as committed as ever to driving this
company forward. We will continue to strive to deliver high service level for our customers, innovative and
relevant product for the communities we serve and true value for our shareholders.
We are navigating to a global pandemic, but the work that we have done and the trends we are seeing in
the market gives us confidence for our future. Thank you. We will now take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Lake from Wolfe Research.

Justin Lake
Wolfe Research, LLC

Just wanted to get a couple of numbers questions here. First, I was hoping you could share with us what
estimate you've built in for the COVID impact to 2021 earnings guidance versus the dollar plus that you
estimated for 2020? And then even though the discussion on 340B recently, I was hoping you could share
any thoughts on the contribution to revenue and earnings to the company from this program. And any
early impact you're seeing from the pharma manufacturer or provider.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Okay. Well, we're not providing specific information on the impact of COVID year-on-year, first of all,
because it's just too complex. The further you move on through the crisis, the further -- the more difficult
it becomes to dissect market moves versus market share moves versus margin moves. What we would
say, as you build out your scenarios, is you have to get comfortable with the quarterly progression.

And if we were to give a ballpark estimate, you could look at -- probably the best analog is in Q3, we had
$0.63 impact. In Q4, we had a $0.46 impact. If you were to plot out the first 2 quarters, you're probably
looking at something between 35 -- sorry, between $0.25 and $0.30 of COVID in each quarter. That part,
we can still follow the logic of the calculation we did in the second half of the year. So we have about
20 percentage points of EPS pressure from COVID in the first half. And then it becomes a much more
complicated discussion on what comes back from the prior year impact.

And you'll recall, some of our comments on the last call, we believe the recovery will span a multiyear
period and at least 2 years, especially in the U.K. So factors that come into this, for example, is we were
very successful in the Q4 in the U.K. in regaining some footfall into the stores. But on the flip side is our
shares, with the exception of beauty, remains significantly down because most shopping is occurring
in grocery stores. So the key question becomes is, how long does it take to recover the share from the
grocers? And that's like you need a crystal ball.

So we've -- as we built together our forecast, we went through it business by business, what's a
reasonable set of assumptions for each quarter. And as we went through it, it become more and more
difficult to dissect out what's COVID and what isn't COVID.

The other side of it is then we wanted to make a strong statement though on the recovery. So I'm sure
you'll appreciate that the 30% to 40% EPS growth in the second half clearly assumes recovery from
COVID impacts in the prior period. The question is what happens in the successive years. And as I said,
we don't have a crystal ball. So the key message we give is, though we saw definitely green shoots,
particularly on the top line in the U.S. and in the U.K. in Q4, we expect continued impacts in Q1. But we
expect to exit the year with quite a bit of strength as the EPS guidance would suggest.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Justin, and I'll maybe -- I don't have anything add to what James has said on the COVID '21 -- year
'20, but what I'll maybe deal with is the 340B piece of the question. We think that -- obviously, we think
that it's been overstated. The numbers have been overstated that's been quoted in the marketplace.
Clearly, there is a challenge here, but there's also legal challenge coming back in terms of hospital
systems. There's significant bipartisan support for the current 340B program, which allows access to
required medications in hospitals. And we feel good that we are well positioned whatever happens in the
marketplace. We provide an essential service to thousands and millions of customers with these drugs in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

partnership with our hospital partners. So that's where we are. And of course, we'll wait for the legal case,
in particular, to be settled.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cherny from Bank of America.

Michael Aaron Cherny
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

I want to build on Justin's question a little bit in terms of thinking about the pathway forward and the puts
and takes on fiscal '21. Clearly, there's some dynamics in place that were positive COVID beneficiaries,
looking at particularly the PPE growth. As you think about some of the puts and takes into the '21
guidance, what else is built in there, how much of that structural cost dynamic still remains in place? And
the potential benefit that you have from items that are in increased demand?

And just alongside that, just maybe a little bit a separate follow-up question. Any update on your
relationship with Prime Therapeutics? And what's going on there in terms of your overall partnership?

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Okay. I think if you look at structural costs as a result of COVID, I believe the impact in 2020 was $150
million kind of number, of which there was about $50 million in the fourth quarter. So if you were looking
forward, there's -- even if you had the same cost for the entire year, it's $200 million, but we won't have
the same cost for the entire year.

You'll continue to have sanitation, and I don't see that going down in the first half. So you could plot out
$50 million each quarter for the first half. But thereafter, once vaccinations become more prevalent, we
would expect lesser ongoing costs.

You asked for headwinds, pluses and minuses. One is we did call out tax as a headwind. It's not
significant. That's one point. We also called out -- we've got significant investments behind the IT and
digital agenda, and that's about -- that's a headwind of about 3% on EPS. And I really want that to be
clear. We are stepping up our game in terms of what we're going to -- we will surround the consumer with
a massive set of choices on how they want to interact, whether it be physical or online or e-commerce,
and that will be a totally omnichannel approach for pharmacy and retail. And this will be going on the
entire year of 2021 and we will have successive streams of new news over the coming quarters on this. So
that is a headwind.

The other one is we obviously won't pay out a full bonus this year. And next year, we'll have a bonus
headwind. I can't give you the precise number. So we've incorporated all these headwinds. We also, on the
340B question before, based on our -- the scenario planning, it wouldn't have any material impact on the
guidance we just gave.

When you look forward, then on COVID, I've given the numbers, roughly, if you think about next year or
the coming year, the first half, it's $250 million to $300 million per quarter for 2 quarters. That's a rough
number. So it's a $500 million -- a $600 million negative impact in the first half. And then it's very hard to
dissect how much of the prior year impact is coming back in the second half.

We can't give any more than that. We'll update as the quarters -- as we go through the quarters. And
as I said, we were pleasantly surprised in Q4. We continue to see decent progress in the month in --
of September. It doesn't indicate opportunity, but neither does it indicate risk. So we're feeling fairly
comfortable about the guidance we just gave.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Yes. I think just one thing to add to what James has said, which is -- and it was said in the prepared
remarks, we've got new technologies in data. We spoke about the SAP system as one example coming

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

forward that's really driving operational efficiency, along, of course, with our ongoing successful cost
management program. So these things will intertwine with the cost question as well, Michael.

On Prime, and -- we continue to have a great relationship with Prime. We reset the contract with them,
as you're aware, in the network, and we continue to be really pleased with the growth that we are getting
with Prime in that contract. We continue to partner JV for specialty, and we continue to work constructively
to make that particular offering even more relevant in the marketplace. Of course, the marketplace is
changing, as we all know, and especially the big focus for many, many people in the marketplace. But we
continue to be very positive with the relationship going forward and the opportunity to grow with Prime
Therapeutics.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of George Hill from Deutsche Bank.

George Robert Hill
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

There's clearly a lot going on with COVID and the business transformation, but the business going into
fiscal '21 clearly has some capital constraints. So I would ask, how are you thinking about the portfolio, I
think particularly the big Chinese JV. Clearly, you guys are not getting paid for these, and it's not reflected
in your valuation. So I guess how do you think about some of the JV relationships? And can you use these
to delever and maybe focus on the core U.S. and EU business? Or is there contribution, either to synergies
or to earnings, kind of maybe something that we can't see and you feel like you're getting value for?

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. I'll just give maybe a perspective on capital, and then I'll pass it over to Stefano for some comments.

If you look back over time, we have spent capital over the last 5 years. It averages about $1.4 billion a
year. We did call out that in the course of 2020, we deferred expenditure of about $300 million. And we
just actually couldn't execute the programs. A great example is the SAP program. We deferred it for a
couple of months at the peak of COVID because it was too complex for the in-store employees to manage
COVID and the systems and implementation at the same time.

So we ended out at $1.4 billion. We expected to spend $1.7 billion in 2020. And this money will slide
into 2021. So we would expect the capital allocation in 2021 probably to be in the region of somewhere
between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, depending on various investments we plan on making. And we're
quite comfortable with that level, and we have the funding to do that.

So maybe I'll pass over to Stefano for his comments.

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

As James said, we have a very good cash flow. So we are not worried about the future, and we believe
that we can fund all the initiatives that we have.

About our joint ventures outside the U.S., really, most of them are very, very promising, and it would be a
pity not to exploit the situation and wait for them to mature before thinking of divesting them.

In reality, we are always open, as you -- as we have said many times and as you know, to any kind of this,
provides this creates value. And so we are not really very, very focused in keeping all the participations, all
the joint ventures that we have. If we were offered good opportunities, so we will take them.

But we are not under pressure. We believe that we can manage our finance very, very well, as James has
said. Because remember that this company maybe can suffer from time to time, but is always able to
deliver a very strong cash flow. This year, it has been a very difficult year with the COVID and that cash --
the free cash flow this year is better than last year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

But George, I will agree with one thing. The China JV is not adequately valued in our portfolio. What's
really happened is we've doubled the size, the store portfolio, up to 7,500 stores. We have a significant
position now in China, and we have a 40% stake in a very collaborative partnership. We believe the
business, we would prefer to let it grow on the current path for 12 to 24 months. But it is significantly
undervalued in terms of the future potential. So I'd say, I fully agree with what you just said.

Stefano Pessina
Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

And by the way, by the way, we have just made the initial investment, and all the growth up to now has
been self-funded in China.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore.

Elizabeth Hammell Anderson
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

Appreciate the CapEx commentary you just gave. I guess I have a two-part question. One is to the extent
that you could comment on your free cash flow expectations for FY '21.

And then also, can you talk about the -- you obviously talked about the favorable NHS funding in
international for the quarter. Can you provide any more color there on the size of the benefit? And how
sustainable that is in FY '21?

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes, I'll just give you -- we're not going to give free cash flow guidance because it's quite volatile how it
comes out. What I'd give you, though, is 2 things: One is we have this slippage between the 2 years of
$300 million of CapEx. That's the only material item.

I do want to call out what happened in 2020. We actually -- the biggest single driver has been working
capital improvement year-on-year, and it's $1.4 billion. And we've estimated that of that, about $850
million is actually coming from working capital initiatives. And all I would say at this stage is we have a
similar, if not, bigger number coming on 2021. So we expect a very big positive coming from working
capital in '21, offset to some extent by the slippage of $300 million of CapEx between 2 years.

So we are very, very confident on the long-term ability to drive substantial cash flow in the business. But
each -- we don't want to give guidance because it's quite volatile depending on the investment decisions
you take in a year.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

And on upon -- on the NHS funding piece, I mean, we're really aware of the government proposal there.
And therefore, you should expect that all to be in our guidance, the ebbs and flows of working capital
between the 2 years.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Ricky Goldwasser from Morgan Stanley.

Rivka Regina Goldwasser
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

So one follow-up question on the earnings impact. You talked about -- when you spoke to the EPS, about
$0.25 to $0.30 in EPS per quarter in the first half versus the $0.46 in the fourth quarter. But Europe is --

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

seems to be on start of a second wave, and some new restrictions that were in the media today, talking
about potential drastic restrictions in London and also Europe. Is that included in your $500 million to
$600 million headwind in the first half? Just kind of like trying to understand whether there is kind like a
second wave included in this.

And then secondly, just going back to the CEO search. If you can give us some color on what type of
experience are you looking in a new executive? Are you looking for someone who brings health care
experience versus retail or tech, given kind of like the transformation effort and where the market seems
to be heading?

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Let me just cover the COVID, again. It's 20 -- as I said, $0.25 to $0.30, so call it $250 million to $300
million in each quarter. So a total of $500 million to $600 million in the first half. That would assume --
the best way to think about this is in the U.K., specifically, it would assume maybe a 5 percentage point
improvement in comp sales versus the Q4. So it does not substantially improve on the profile versus Q4.
As we said on the comments, gradual improvement.

If there was a significant lockdown, it would have a negative impact versus what we just provided as
guidance. The question is, we don't believe -- we probably think the U.K. is the one country where there
might be lockdowns. It's quite unpredictable. We don't see a major risk of lockdowns in the U.S. There
might be the local lockdowns, but not nationwide. So the U.K., you're right to ask the question. So it could
present risk for the projections.

What we clearly said in the remarks, though, there's 2 pieces of the remarks. We said is we didn't assume
large-scale lockdowns, but we also didn't assume any contributions from vaccinations. Our way of looking
at this is the risk of large-scale lockdowns has a lower probability, but it's a larger number. And then the
likely upside coming from vaccinations is medium to high probability, but it's a lower number. And we
would see both of those factors being somewhat balanced.

But I fully agree with your question is, if there's going to be a tighter lockdown, it's going to be in the U.K.
And our issue, if you think about it, isn't across the entire store portfolio. Our issue in the U.S. and our
issue in the U.K. is the exact same. It's the big cities, and it's better -- that are dependent on tourism as
well, and it's anything we have in tourist destinations, so it's airports, train stations. Our U.K. business has
a significant predominant skew to large cities and tourist locations. And then the biggest shortfalls we're
seeing in the U.S. are in New York, Chicago, San Francisco, again, large cities with concentrated groups of
people and large amounts of tourism.

So we actually gave the point in the script. If you take these large urban destinations, they're down 39%
in terms of foot traffic. It's less in terms of revenue. It's about 24%. But if you actually take the flip side of
that, our rural stores in the U.S. are up 12%. So there -- it's a tale of 2 cities, if you like. So the lockdown
that would concern us most in the U.K. is around the London area and the big cities. A widespread
lockdown is a much lesser impact. So I hope that's helpful as you think through your modeling.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

I'll just add one thing, Ricky, on this point in the U.K. As James said in the prepared comments, the
growth online in the U.K. has been great. The capacity has been expanded. So we're in a much better
position to manage that risk from where at the start of the pandemic, and the Boots brand continues to
be very strong in health and beauty. So again, I think we can manage that. That's my opinion, building on
what James said.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

It's a fair point. That's a good point, yes.

Stefano Pessina
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Executive Vice Chairman & CEO

For the future and for the search of the CEO. Of course, the Board is going to a total analysis, and they
have created a committee, and we cannot give information on what is happening, as you understand.
Clearly, if you look at what we have told you in the last quarters, you -- we see that we are doing a big
effort in modernizing our company, in digitalizing our companies. Even though it's not evident, we are
really changing everything in our company. And so the new chief executive must be someone willing to
continue this transformation, for sure, must be someone who understands health care for sure. But I
cannot give further details now.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Robert Jones from Goldman Sachs.

Robert Patrick Jones
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

James and Alex, can you discuss a few of the investments you're expecting to make next year? I was
wondering -- and I know, James, you helped size a number of the headwinds and tailwinds. But I was
wondering if you could maybe just give us a little bit more detail on how significant you're envisioning
those investments to be, and maybe anything around timing would be helpful.

And then just relatedly, thinking about next year, I know last quarter, you called out a fairly significant
headwind from reimbursement rate pressure. I was just wondering what you're anticipating on the
reimbursement rate front in '21, relative to what we saw this year.

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. I'll give maybe a general comment on the investment. I'd say you can generally assume equal
phasing across the year. This is a combination of about 7 or 8 different large-ish investments across
pharmacy and retail. So it's generally -- it's $1 billion, but it's 60% CapEx and 40% expense.

If you then get into reimbursement -- and then I'll hand it over to Alex after this, is if you think, too, as
you plot out your income statement for -- by quarter, the first half of the year, we're still working on the
older -- the prior year contracts because they run on a calendar year. So we will have reimbursement
pressure in the first half. And then COVID will be pressure in the first half on front-of-store margins
because the mix isn't very good. And then you plot for the second half of the year, and you will have more
favorable reimbursement on a year-on-year basis because you have a new set of contracts coming in.

And then in the second half, as you're recovering from COVID, margins will start coming back on the retail
business and, in particular, in the U.K. Because as we lost sales, we lost a lot of discretionary category
sales with much higher margins. So as you plot out the year, I would say that the biggest pressure is not
on overhead pressure. The biggest pressure is actually, it's the change in the trajectory on gross margin.

I don't know, Alex, do you have a point on this?

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Yes. I'll maybe speak to the investment point. First of all, in terms of when will customers see the
investment, and then for when it will impact our business. So I think what today we've announced, Bob,
is really significant. It really is the replatforming of a loyalty card under myWalgreens. You're going to
see this happen in November, first of all, digitally then physically. And you'll see us talking directly to 100
million of our loyal customers about the additional benefits they're going to get from their business with
Walgreens.

And I think it's going to have elements, for example, of digital wallet, digital receipts. It's going to have
a lot of health information coming through as well. And that's the start of the transformation, of this
approach and that will become our customer engagement platform. And it's all built on personalization,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

as I described in the prepared comments, which we're feeling really good about as we've invested already
with Microsoft in moving our data to the cloud, have already really invested, understanding different ways
to talk to customers in a more personalized way through our mass personalization. You saw the numbers
in the prepared remarks.

Secondly, which we think is really differentiating, we've always spoken about the positioning of our last
mile with our pharmacies being within 10 minutes of 75% of Americans. So this idea of, in as little as 30
minutes, offering a pickup, we think redefines convenience for us and also for the marketplace. And that
starts like tomorrow and will be complete across America by late -- mid-, late November in every single
store. So these are real impacts on how customers will experience the Walgreens brand, both in the front
end and the pharmacy. And we're going to continue to build on that as well.

So you can tell my excitement. I hope this has been a long time building. It's a big organization to build
this out in, and we've got some great support from the talent we've taken to the business and also from
our great partners like Microsoft, Adobe and SAP. So we're getting going. And of course, we're going to see
the impact on our business, particularly in the second half of '21.

Operator

And we have time for one more question today. Our final question will come from the line of Lisa Gill from
JPMorgan.

Lisa Christine Gill
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

I just want to understand your expectations around economic downturn. We talked a lot about COVID, but
we still don't have the stimulus here in the U.S. It's anticipated that maybe it does come after the election.
We don't know what that looks like. There's concern about unemployment trends going into 2021. Can you
maybe just talk about what your expectations are around an economic downturn?

And then, as we think about this election, if it does go all blue, as some are anticipating, Biden has talked
about expansion of the ACA and really expanding it maybe perhaps through Medicaid programs or even
the states that didn't have ACA. Can you just remind us of the impact that you had back in 2009, 2010
with the last expansion under ACA, so I can then just understand both of those pieces?

James Kehoe
Executive VP & Global CFO

Yes. That's a tough question on the economic one because it actually completely merges with your
assessment on the impacts of COVID. But I think it's a fair question.

If you go back, a year ago, we would have said that the model of the company was to grow scripts at 4%
to 5% range. We've assumed, in general, an economic impact, and that's mixed with COVID of about 1
percentage point in general across both retail and both -- and pharmacy in the U.S.

So we've looked at the economics. We've actually seen it play out in the most recent quarter. So we had
quite a strong June, July, and some slowdown was evident in August and a slight slowdown in September
as well because there was less stimulus money out there. And you can actually see the impacts. So -- and
I think you see it across retail, in general. So a lot does depend -- the forecast do depend on the stimulus
that are put in the market by -- particularly in the U.S., which is very sensitive for this.

But as I said, as I think if you were to plot out a pharmacy business, you'd have to assume that there's
probably a 1% plus headwind in 2021, essentially coming from the fact that in the earlier part of the year,
you have less new scripts, new-to-therapy scripts, and you do have some economic impacts. And then you
have economic impact on the front of store of probably the same percentage point.

Bear in mind, as you plot this out, we did a comp in the U.S. business of 1.6 in the full year of 2020. It's
unlikely to be in excess of 1.6 in '21 because if you follow what I just said, you've got a negative economic
impact, and the front of store did benefit from COVID-related stock building and the PPE category during

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

the course of 2020. So I think the growth rate in retail will moderate year-on-year, and the growth rate in
-- the script growth will probably go up slightly because we had a very poor Q3 in 2020.

So it's really hard to dissect out the economics. But as we put our plans together, we had like 1 point to
1.5 points in our head as economic impact. We've built in an assumption of a second stimulus of $600,
which didn't happen largely. There's only select states that have put in maybe $300. So -- but there's
pluses and minuses in every forecast. And the ACA.

Alexander W. Gourlay
Co-Chief Operating Officer

Yes, I'll deal with the ACA. So I think our strategy has always been to take care of customers and be very
customer-focused, I've explained in the last answer to before. When you think of how this will affect the
pharmacy business, for example, which is our core business, we have underrepresentation in the Medicaid
space today in Walgreens because the majority of it is managed Medicaid, and we've not been particularly
successful at getting in these in our networks because we don't have relationship with a key PBM here that
we will want to have, to be honest, and I think that's pretty clear.

However, there's a lot of movement in this space. For example, California and New York are talking about
going back to fee-for-service. And in fact, the governors in the states have already authorized that, and
it's likely to happen next year.

So as you think of Affordable Care Act, as you think of access, giving more access to more patients, to
more health care services, including pharmacies, we think our strategy is well positioned. And we continue
to work very, very hard to make sure we get our cost right, we get our care right. And we, in particular,
focus on our key strength of pharmacy and health care services. That's just one example, we think, if
things go blue in America, would be Medicaid and how these networks may change in the future.

Gerald Gradwell
Senior Vice President of Investor Relations

Okay. Thank you very much, indeed. That was the last question we had time for. I know there were plenty
of you that wanted to ask other questions. The IR team are available over the next days and weeks, and
we look forward to speaking to you while answering your questions.

Thank you. And with that, I'll hand over to Lisa, our operator, to end the call.

Operator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You
may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WALGREENS BOOTS ALLIANCE, INC. FQ4 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 15, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

