Walmart Inc. NYSE:WMT
FQ2 2021 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, August 18, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2021-

-FQ3 2021-

-FY 2021-

-FY 2022-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

1.26

1.56

Revenue  (mm)

134157.78

136824.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-18-2020 12:40 PM GMT

23.81

1.99

1.22

5.43

5.45

130682.05

543965.71

554888.40

FQ3 2020

FQ4 2020

FQ1 2021

FQ2 2021

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.09

1.44

1.09

1.26

1.16

1.38

1.18

1.56

6.42 %

(4.17 %)

8.26 %

23.81 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

4

9

2

 
WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Daniel Thomas Binder
Vice President of Investor
Relations

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of
Walmart US

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Edward James Yruma
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Karen Fiona Short
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.,
Research Division

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research
Division

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC,
Research Division

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Peter Sloan Benedict
Robert W. Baird & Co.
Incorporated, Research Division

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC,
Research Division

Scott Andrew Mushkin
R5 Capital Ltd

Seth Ian Sigman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Welcome to Walmart's Fiscal Year 2021 Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note
that this conference is being recorded.

At this time, I'll turn the conference over to Dan Binder. Please go ahead, Dan.

Daniel Thomas Binder
Vice President of Investor Relations

Thank you, Rob. Good morning, and welcome to Walmart's Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Call.

I'm joined by a few members of our executive team, including Doug McMillon, Walmart's President and
CEO; Brett Biggs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and John Furner, President and CEO
of Walmart U.S. In a few moments, Doug and Brett will provide you an update on the business and discuss
second quarter results. That will be followed by our question-and-answer session.

Before I turn the call over to Doug, let me remind you that today's call is being recorded and will include
forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from these statements. These risks and uncertainties include but are not
limited to the factors identified in our filings with the SEC as well as risks and uncertainties resulting from
the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Please review our press release and accompanying slide presentation for
a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements as well as our entire safe harbor statement
and non-GAAP reconciliations on our website at stock.walmart.com.

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Doug McMillon.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

[Audio Gap]

unusual, and I want to thank our associates for rising to the occasion. They're adapting to changing
customer needs and tackling new challenges while positioning our business for the future, and we're
grateful.

As I shared last quarter, we're operating with a clear set of priorities to guide our decision-making through
this crisis. Those priorities are: one, supporting our associates on the front lines in terms of their physical
and financial well-being; two, serving our customers as safely as possible and keeping our supply chain
operating; three, helping others, which includes hiring so many that need work, supporting our suppliers
and marketplace sellers and serving the communities where we operate, including accelerating our
efforts to increase fairness, racial equity and justice; four, managing the business well operationally and
financially in the short term; and five, driving our strategy to strengthen our business for the long term.

First, our associates. They continue to be inspiring, and it has been a pleasure to visit with so many of
them as I've made my way around the country visiting stores, clubs and distribution centers. During this
call last quarter, we outlined a number of measures we have in place to support them, and those continue.

Globally, we've hired more than 500,000 new associates since the beginning of the year. We've continued
our COVID-19 emergency leave policy, which includes the removal of our attendance requirements
related to our quarterly cash bonus program called MyShare. That enables people to stay home if they're
diagnosed with the virus or feeling sick, need to care for others or feeling uncomfortable working. And
globally, this year, we paid or announced $1.6 billion in MyShare and special cash bonuses to support our
associates financially.

After supporting our associates, our next priority is serving our customers. Consistent with our purpose,
we remain committed to EDLP, ensuring the lowest prices on a basket of goods. During the second

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

quarter, our customers were spending so much more time at home that we experienced strong sales in
categories like TVs, computing and connected home. Customers also took advantage of time for outdoor
entertainment and sports, which led to strength in those categories.

With significant operating restrictions for restaurants across the country, families continue to prepare more
meals at home, and our business has benefited from that trend. As you would expect, there continues to
be extremely high demand for disinfectants, cleaning supplies and paper goods. At times, we saw a return
of stock-up behaviors in certain food and consumable categories in specific geographies where hotspots
occurred.

While there's volatility in the supply chain levels, we're starting to see some categories recover in terms of
in-stock. From a seasonal standpoint, back-to-school is negatively impacted by the health crisis in terms
of timing and demand. We've been thoughtful in our approach, both in stores and online, and we believe
we're well positioned whether students or teachers work from classrooms or their homes.

The third priority for us has been to help others in the communities we serve. I'm proud of the many
ways we're supporting communities, including our support for food banks. This quarter, through our
Fight Hunger. Spark Change campaign and food donation program, we helped provide access to an
estimated 300 million meals for people in need. We're also continuing our support for communities
through COVID-19 testing sites with more than 420 across 33 cities.

Communities across America have become rightly focused on racial equity and justice, and so are we. Our
work starts inside the company with our diversity and inclusion efforts. In addition, we've also established
a team to look for places where we can put our core business and the size of our business to work to
influence our nation's financial, health care, education and criminal justice systems for good. In addition,
Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have launched a center for racial equity, committing $100 million
to fund philanthropic initiatives that complement the company's efforts to shape the 4 systems I just
mentioned.

Even during this crisis, the team is managing our business well and executing our strategy to build
omnichannel solutions globally. In the U.S., we continue to expand pickup and delivery services, including
Express Delivery with customers receiving their orders in well under 2 hours. In Mexico, we've now
launched same-day delivery from 70% of Sam's Clubs. And in India, we've launched Flipkart wholesale, a
business-to-business solution that will leverage our omnichannel capabilities to better serve kiranas and
other small businesses as our cash-and-carry business joins Flipkart.

There's been a lot of buzz recently about membership at Walmart. We've been testing membership with
delivery unlimited subscriptions since late last year. That customer offer was limited to a grocery and
consumables delivery service as the reason to sign up.

Since that launch, we've proven to ourselves that we can pick and deliver a broad set of categories
across the supercenter, not just food and consumables, but a wide assortment of general merchandise.
We think that assortment breadth and our ability to deliver with speed nationally, combined with a few
other benefits for customers, will result in a compelling proposition, so we've been moving towards a new
membership launch. We'll share more about that membership and timing when it's appropriate.

As it relates to our Q2 performance, I'll begin with the Walmart U.S. segment. Comp sales were strong
again this quarter at 9.3% excluding fuel. There were several tailwinds affecting our Q2 performance,
including government stimulus, more people eating at home, a focus by customers on entertaining
themselves at home and investing in their homes and yards. We also had some headwinds, including
reduced store hours and out-of-stocks. As the benefits from stimulus waned towards the end of the
quarter, we saw comp sales settle into a more normal range.

We're pleased with the progress we're making on Walmart.com. We had really strong sales growth and
significantly reduced losses. The tailwinds we're experiencing are accelerating our progress to build a
healthier eCommerce business as we add new brands, improve product mix, grow the marketplace and
achieve more fixed cost leverage. The stores and online merchant teams are now integrated, and we

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

believe we'll benefit from that change going forward. The improvements in contribution profit and reduced
operating losses are really good to see.

We've made several structural changes within Walmart U.S. during the quarter as we continue on our path
to transform into an omnichannel organization. These changes were made to increase innovation, speed
and productivity. This is obviously a difficult time for these associates to experience changes like this, so
we're providing additional financial support and time to look for another role, along with other forms of
support, to make that easier than it would otherwise be.

Turning to Sam's Club, where the team delivered comps of 17.2% excluding fuel and tobacco and grew
membership income 7.8%. We saw improvements in member count, renewal rates and Plus Member
penetration. The popularity of Scan & Go is accelerating, which is great to see. The membership value
proposition is strong, and the team is executing well.

Walmart International sales increased 1.6% in constant currency, and 7 of 10 markets had positive comp
sales. The team delivered good top line results given we faced significant headwinds from currency and
the government-mandated closure of Flipkart for about half the quarter as well as parts of Africa and
Central America for portions of the quarter. Canada, China and Mexico led the way as customers choose
one-stop shopping in omnichannel solutions.

In India, Flipkart reopened in mid-May, after which we saw GMV exceeding pre-COVID-19 levels. Excluding
fuel, Asda's performance demonstrated the resilience of the business with growth in a challenging period.
Profit for international was also better than we expected when you remove the effects of FX and a discrete
tax item.

I'll close today once again by thanking our associates for their incredible work. Our integrated
omnichannel offering continues to resonate with customers around the globe. It's positioned the company
well during this crisis, and we remain convinced it will be the winning strategy going forward.

I'd also like to mention that we'll be releasing our ESG report next week. I encourage all of you to spend
time with the report to better understand the incredible work our team is doing in this space. I wish you
and your families good health.

And I'll now turn it over to Brett.

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everybody. Let me start by thanking our associates for their fantastic work
serving customers during this unusual time. Every day, we're navigating through a broad set of challenges
while positioning the company to win. I'm so proud of how the team has quickly adapted to new ways of
working and respond to the changing needs of our customers.

The health crisis continued to affect shopping behavior in the second quarter, with trip consolidation and
larger basket sizes in stores as well as channel shifts toward eCommerce. Our results are a reminder
that customers will have multiple ways to shop with us and we're innovating and leveraging our unique
assets to provide solutions for them. Our financial position is very strong, and we remain laser-focused
on operating efficiency even as we have incremental COVID-related costs to support associates and
customers. We've maintained our strong cost culture and took recent steps to further streamline the
organization to better support our U.S. omnichannel strategy.

So let's get to Q2 results. Total constant-currency revenue growth was strong, up 7.5% to more than
$140 billion despite operating limitations in some markets early in the quarter. Walmart U.S. comp sales
increased more than 9%, International net sales grew nearly 2% in constant currency, and Sam's Club
grew comp sales more than 17% excluding fuel and tobacco.

Gross profit margin was strong in each segment and increased 63 basis points for the total company,
benefited by strong sales in higher-margin general merchandise categories, which in the U.S. is aided by

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

government stimulus, lower markdowns and better fuel margins. This was partially offset by the carryover
of price investments from last year.

SG&A was negatively affected by approximately $1.5 billion in incremental COVID-related costs, about
75% of which related to associate bonuses and expanded benefits, including the recently announced third
special bonus of the year. The quarter was also impacted by U.S. business restructuring costs of about
$380 million and a discrete tax item. In total, these costs negatively affected expense leverage by about
130 basis points and, as a result, expenses deleveraged by 42 basis points. Adjusted operating income on
a constant-currency basis was up more than 18%, and adjusted EPS increased about 23% to $1.56 versus
last year's Q2 adjusted EPS. Currency fluctuations negatively affected EPS by about $0.02.

Operating cash flow to date -- year-to-date increased nearly $8 billion versus last year. Free cash flow
was up more than $9 billion with higher sales, lower inventory levels, continued operating discipline
and lower CapEx, some of which is timing. Inventory was down about 7% year-on-year mainly due to
heightened demand. While we didn't repurchase any shares in the quarter, our capital allocation strategy
is unchanged, and we continue to feel very good about the position of the company.

Now let's discuss the quarterly results for each operating segment. Walmart U.S. had a strong quarter.
Comp sales excluding fuel increased 9.3%, with eCommerce sales growth of 97%.

eCommerce sales were strong throughout the quarter, contributing approximately 2/3 of the segment
comp growth. We saw significant increases in repeat rates and weekly active digital customers, and we
continue to make progress on assortment expansion and seller tools with eCommerce marketplace sales
growing triple digits. We're accelerating investments in omni fulfillment solutions, including the continued
rollout of same-day pickup and delivery services to more stores, expanding store pickup and delivery slots
by nearly 30% since February and permanently increasing ship-from-store capabilities from pre-COVID
levels.

The second quarter started strong as general merchandise categories had accelerating growth, both in-
store and online, as government stimulus funds were disbursed. As families spent more time at home, we
saw strong increases in categories like home, sporting goods, landscape and electronics. Grocery sales had
another strong quarter, including robust growth in fresh.

As stimulus funds tapered off toward the end of the quarter, sales started to normalize, but July comps still
grew more than 4%. Trip consolidation continued throughout the quarter, resulting in an average ticket
increase of about 27% and a transaction decrease of about 14%.

Gross profit rate was strong, up 42 basis points due to increased sales of higher-margin general
merchandise categories and fewer markdowns. We also saw improvements in eCommerce margin rates,
reflecting continued progress on product mix and faster growth in marketplace sales.

The carryover of last year's price investment and the temporary closures of our auto care centers and
vision centers negatively affected the margin rate. The approximate $1.2 billion of incremental COVID-
related costs as well as the restructuring costs negatively affected expense leverage by about 170 basis
points. As a result, the U.S. segment deleveraged 41 basis points. However, underlying productivity is
strong both in physical stores and eCommerce operations. Adjusted operating income was up almost 17%
for the quarter, aided by significantly lower eCommerce losses.

Inventory declined about 4.6%, reflecting strong sales and higher-than-normal out-of-stocks in some
categories. While we continue to make progress in our in-stock position, there are some specific areas that
are still challenging. Overall, we're in a good position.

As noted throughout the market, the back-to-school season is off to a slower start than usual given
the uncertainty around the timing of students physically returning to school. As a result, we expect the
season to be choppy and come later than normal. Items like laptops, tablets and home office furniture are
performing well while others like basic school supplies, backpacks and apparel are understandably soft.
Despite the slow start to back-to-school, overall U.S. comps are in a fairly normal rate at the start the
quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

International's results are better than anticipated coming into the quarter. Despite operational limitations
in several markets due to the crisis, including the government-mandated closure of Flipkart, net sales
increased 1.6% in constant currency, including nearly 40% growth in eCommerce. 7 of 10 markets posted
positive comp sales. Sales in Canada and China were exceptionally strong, and Mexico showed solid
results. Excluding fuel, Asda comps were also solid, with online grocery growing faster than the market.
Customers are responding favorably to expanded eCommerce and omnichannel offerings, driving triple-
digit eCommerce sales growth in most of these markets year-over-year.

We faced extensive government-mandated closures in markets like India, South Africa and Central
America, particularly early in the quarter. Flipkart operations were closed for around half the quarter, but
since reopening in mid-May, GMV is exceeding pre-COVID levels.

In Africa, about 1/4 of the stores were closed for a portion of the quarter, and certain high-volume sales
items were restricted. In the U.K., decreases in travel pressured fuel sales.

Currency fluctuations were a significant headwind to sales, approximately $2.4 billion during the quarter.
International operating income declined about 9% on a reported basis but increased 11.5% on an
adjusted constant-currency basis, excluding the previously announced discrete tax item.

During these challenging times, we continued to execute the strategy of building strong local businesses
powered by Walmart and announced additional investments in China and India focused on positioning the
portfolio for growth. For example, we're excited about the launch of Flipkart wholesale, creating a B2B
marketplace to help small businesses in India source directly from manufacturers and producers. We'll also
continue to evaluate opportunities to strengthen our position across the portfolio.

Sam's Club had another terrific quarter with strong comp sales growth of 17.2% excluding fuel and
tobacco, with positive contributions from both increased transactions and average ticket. eCommerce sales
grew 39%, with strong demand for direct-to-home delivery. The business showed broad strength across
categories, including food and consumables, which were particularly strong, and our Member's Mark brand
also performed well. The sales strength reflected strong member growth and benefits from government
stimulus.

We're pleased with the strong membership trends at Sam's. Membership income grew 7.8% in Q2, the
best quarterly performance in more than 5 years. New member sign-ups and renewal rates were very
strong, and Plus Member penetration was at a historically high level.

Sam's also incurred incremental COVID-related expenses. However, the approximate $100 million of
additional cost was more than offset by strong gross margins, which resulted in Sam's operating income
increasing more than 24% excluding fuel.

Consistent with our first quarter release, we aren't providing FY '21 financial guidance due to continued
uncertainty around key external variables related to the health crisis and their potential impact on our
business and the global economy. The health crisis has created tailwind -- both tailwinds and headwinds
to our business. In Q2, we saw stronger-than-expected sales due in large part to stock-up buying and
stimulus spending, but the duration and extent of future government stimulus remains uncertain. In Q2,
stimulus spending improved our sales mix and, in turn, gross margin and operating profit.

We've also managed the greater operational complexities and incurred incremental cost to ensure
associate and customer safety, and some of those will continue. Currency headwinds also remained quite
strong. If rates stay where they are today, the top line impact will be more than $1.1 billion in the third
quarter.

Despite the various challenges, our strong performance throughout the dynamic and challenging first half
of the year reinforces the strength of this business and the omnichannel strategy we're leading. Walmart's
financial position remains excellent, allowing us to position the company for success now and in the future.
Thank you for your interest in Walmart, and we would be happy to take your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Karen Short with Barclays.

Karen Fiona Short
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

I want to focus on eCom growth a little bit. So wondering, first, if you could just give an update on the
customer mix and where you think you're gaining share. And I did ask this last quarter, but I'm obviously
very interested in that in terms of the demographics.

And then I wanted to get a little more granularity on the attachment rates on general merchandise,
given the consolidation of the app. And then the last part of that was if you could give any more color on
marketplace. Obviously, you called out triple-digit growth on that. Maybe anything you could provide in
terms of number of sellers, number of SKUs or any more granularity would be helpful.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Karen, it's John Furner. Thanks for the question. As we said, eCom was up 97% in the quarter, and we're
excited by new customers that have joined and retention rates. And I think we've also been pleased to
see the improvement in mix in categories that are selling online, which ties a bit to your second question.
We've had stronger growth rates in both home and apparel online, which also -- home has been strong in
the stores as customers moved into their homes and have set up offices and now beginning to have school
from home. Those have all been strong businesses.

And then the third point that you made, marketplace, which is a very important part of the strategy, also
performed well in the quarter. In addition to marketplace, we've been opening up new supplier -- or seller
tools, I should say, and including -- which is now a small business, but our Walmart fulfillment service
business is up and running, and we're excited by the prospect that it brings as well. So again, the team
did a nice job in the quarter reacting to customer changes and trends. More and more customers are
buying from Walmart online, and we're happy to see the new customer segments and the retention rates.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank.

Paul Trussell
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats on a strong second quarter. Brett, you spoke to back-to-school shopping being negatively
impacted by all that's going on, but comp's in a normal range. Just any additional color you can provide on
what you're seeing is to date or at least maybe any other puts and takes that we should be factoring in as
we think about how to model the third quarter.

And Doug, most Americans shop at Walmart in some form each year, and the company has always had
this like everyday low price model. So maybe just help us understand big picture what a membership
program can achieve for the consumer as well as for the company.

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Paul. This is Brett. I'll start.

As we pointed out, we're not giving guidance for the rest of the year. And as you can imagine, with the
various puts and takes that we've seen for the last 5 months, that certainly led to that decision. And

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

there's things that -- in the second quarter, some things that helped the business, certainly stimulus is one
of those; and some things that were headwinds to the business.

And we know we're going to continue to see headwinds and tailwinds in Q3 and in the back half of the
year. And so the balance of those and the timing of those makes it really challenging to try to put guidance
out for a longer period of time, and that's why we didn't do that. As we talked about, back-to-school's just
slower than would normally be, but that's understandable given what's going on with students and how
quickly they'll get back into classrooms. And so we're just not talking much past that just given everything
that's going on right now.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

I'll just chime in on back-to-school and say that it's just one component of the quarter and we'll have to
sort out how customers want to shop as we go. But we think our inventory is well positioned, and we'll
just react location by location. I don't think we've got a lot of liability exposure there. The sales exposure
will be mixed as we go through the quarter and manage other parts of our business.

As it relates to the question about membership, Paul, I think from a customer point of view, they'll
continue to get everyday low price. They'll continue to get the broad assortment that we sell in the stores
and increasing assortment online. But the reason that they would want a membership is because of the
increased levels of service that we can provide, and it kind of starts out with the thread being about
pickup and delivery. And if you want delivery from Walmart frequently, it's just more efficient for the
customer to buy it in bulk, and that takes the form of an annual membership.

And then we'll add some things to it beyond just delivery so that it's really more of a membership and a
relationship. Building repeat is going to be an important aspect for the company to focus on. We'll also get
the benefits of data and learn how to serve customers more effectively in time as that membership grows.
So I think in a nutshell for the customer, it relates to experience.

And we keep talking about how omnichannel is a winning strategy. And what we really mean by that, I
think, is the customer is ultimately in charge. We are going to be flexible. We're going to have multiple
ways to serve them, and those families will decide in that moment how they want to shop. And sometimes
they'll be in the store and sometimes they'll do pick up and sometimes they'll do delivery and many of
them will buy a membership. And when they do, they'll get benefits from that. And we'll make sure we
manage that in a way where we're able to still keep our shelf prices low and offer EDLP to customers
that really need that value and are focused on opening price points. We'll manage the P&L in a way that
prevents any kind of risk for them.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Simeon Gutman with Morgan Stanley.

Simeon Ari Gutman
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

I have 2 topics. My first also on membership and the second on Flipkart.

In terms of membership, Doug, I don't know if there's any more detail you can share in terms of how
you plan to differentiate the offer. You mentioned that you're going to add some features. And is there
any indication of interest from work that you've done and then how it fits into profitable growth, if that
relationship can be maintained?

And then on the second topic of Flipkart, right, there was a valuation on the quarter. I think it was a little
less than what the market was expecting. So can you talk about the performance of it and what's the
proper read that we should take away from the latest round of financing?

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Yes. This is Doug, Simeon. I'll take Flipkart first. And then, John, you can chime in on membership more.

As it relates to Flipkart, Simeon, I think we're really pleased with how this whole thing has gone since
we made the investment, and the team's managed this environment, COVID-19 environment in a really
effective way. And it was nice to see, once the government restrictions started to get lifted, how the
volume came back. And we're staying close to the decisions that they're making and excited about the
strategy going forward and the investment, just wanted to make sure that they've got enough room,
enough cash to operate.

This is a time when there's so much of an opportunity, the size of the prize in India is significant. We want
to make sure that we're on our front foot and being aggressive. So we're not really getting hung up on the
valuation in the short term. Over time, I think everybody will understand just how valuable that business
in India is, whether it's the Flipkart portion or the PhonePe portion.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

And Simeon, first, thanks for the question on membership. Now it's important that we first acknowledge
our strength in the entire business' offering, a wide assortment of everyday low-priced products across
multiple channels, and that won't change. What we're thinking through with membership, as Doug said, is
how to remove friction from customers' lives and make it easier to access those assortments at everyday
low prices throughout the multiple channels. So we don't have too much else to offer this morning other
than to say that in addition to the delivery component, which we have tested now since last year with a
program called Delivery Unlimited, we're confident that that's a great base of an offer, and we'll have more
to offer when we're ready to come out and talk about it.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Michael Lasser with UBS.

Michael Lasser
UBS Investment Bank, Research Division

Recognizing that you have an everyday low price strategy and some of your competitors within the
grocery category have a high-low or promotional strategy and the promotions were less intense for them
this quarter. Your grocery sales were up high single digits, fresh was probably better, but a lot of your
competitors reported mid-teens or better comps during the period. So do you think you lost market share
in this important category on a unit basis? And why was that the case?

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Michael, it's John. First, I'd say we were up high single digits for the quarter, and that equates to sales
growth of about $3 billion. And for the year, we're somewhere around just over $8 billion of sales growth
in grocery for the year. So pretty big dollar gains for the year.

We did keep our prices at the levels they were throughout the entire quarter. So being an everyday low
price retailer, we have seen average unit retails that have resulted in wide price gaps and even wider
price gaps in the second quarter than we saw in the first quarter. So that's probably an important point
determining the 2 differences.

Then a couple of things that we're focused on that were headwinds that are -- that are ours to deal with.
One is we've had a significant level of in-stock issues that happened late in the first quarter and early
in the second quarter. While we do think that our inventory levels are now normalizing, we do still have
pockets of in-stock issues that are both related to the supply chain and then other factors that have been
caused by the pandemic.

Then the last thing that we're doing, we now have 4,100 stores that have shifted from 8:30 p.m. closing
to 10 p.m. closing. And we didn't think that was a factor, especially during the summer months as the
days got later. But if you look at the entire business, the real positive is, in total, we believe Walmart did

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

gain share. General merchandise was very strong. It looked like the share gains there did make up for
anything that could have been lost in food.

But the data, it's a lot to work through, and we'll be reacting to this situation as time goes and we'll be
able to tell a little bit further out how this really turns out. But overall, just really proud of the way the
team has responded to such an intense change in the way people have been shopping. We had big sales
spikes late in Q1 and early Q2, and the team have done a great job reacting to that.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kate McShane with Goldman Sachs.

Katharine Amanda McShane
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division

I wondered if we could get a little bit more detail behind your commentary around the eCommerce losses
improving during the quarter. Was the biggest driver of that mix driven? And what other improvements did
you see within those losses were there that you would expect to continue into the second half of this year?

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Kate, it's John. There are a few things that affected the business. First, the sales growth is always
helpful because you gain leverage on fixed costs anytime you have growth rates of really any meaningful
percentage, but 97%, effectively doubling the business, helps with leverage.

The second thing that has helped is what we call contributed profit rates, CP. Our CP benefits have come
from a number of factors, one factor being the mix of sales. We've been stronger in home and apparel
than we are in the rest of the business, which are higher CP categories. The second, our marketplace
business has been strong, which is also an accretive category in relation to the rest of the business.

And then the third thing, we're excited about the way of working. The 2 merchandise and supply chain
teams have come together, and now we have merchants and people in supply chain who are responsible
for businesses across all of the channels. So Walmart as a business should be able to gain continued
leverage from those. But leveraging fixed, improved CP rates and CP rates coming from both leverage and
from mix all contributed to lower losses in the quarter.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Seth Sigman with Crédit Suisse.

Seth Ian Sigman
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

Congrats on the quarter. I do want to follow up on the online business. Two parts here. One, I think
somebody mentioned repeat rates. If you could just elaborate on that, whether you're seeing that more in
online grocery or general merchandise or possibly both online. Just want to get a little bit more color on
that.

And then the second part of it around profitability. The improvement in losses you just talked about, is
there anything that you mentioned there that's unique to this quarter, whether it's the volume or the
mix or the marketplace growth? Or should we be thinking about sort of this trend of improving losses to
continue?

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Yes. Seth, a few things on repeat rates. First, online grocery, you asked about, we've traditionally had a
high repeat rate and a high number of customers who are loyal in the channel. And that hasn't changed.
At the end of the first quarter, we had to reduce the number of slots due to inventory levels. And then over

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

the second quarter, we got slots not only back to where they were, but picked up slots, up about 30%. So
that's a strong part of the business and continues to grow.

Online, your very traditional direct-to-home orders, we have new customers and we have customers who
are buying more. So they are positives there.

As far as if there's anything related to this second quarter, this anomaly, I think it's too early to tell. As
we said, we're not able to forecast or provide guidance beyond what has already happened in the second
quarter. Certainly strong businesses in home, where people were moving home and building home offices
and buying office equipment.

Yet to be determined how long that trend could continue, but there are other areas within the eCom
business that are also strong. And everywhere that we see headwinds, we obviously see tailwinds. So we'll
just have to sort those out over the next couple of quarters.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Peter Benedict with Baird.

Peter Sloan Benedict
Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division

Just wondered if you could maybe expand a little bit on the health care strategy, kind of where that sits
right now. I know that there's some changes. But just maybe help us understand where you are today and
where you're taking that effort.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Peter, this is John. We're really committed to health care. I don't think we'd have any change in strategy
that we would talk about at this point other than to say that we were appreciative of the work that Sean
did while he was here at Walmart. He was here about 2 years, and he wanted to get some clinics open and
get us started, which he did and did a great job.

We now have clinics in Georgia, Arkansas, moving into the Florida market. And then later in the year,
we've also announced a couple of clinics that will go into Chicago. So for Americans who are looking for
high-quality -- access to high-quality care at an affordable, very transparent price, Walmart will be a great
solution for consumers, and we remain committed to the health care space.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Peter, this is Doug. I'll just add that we recently opened another clinic not far from Bentonville, in Elm
Springs. And it's a smaller clinic than the one that some of you have seen in Dallas, Georgia. And I think
it's an example of us trying to figure out how many sizes we need, what the square footage needs to be
and the equipment investment, all those kinds of things. So we're playing around with it, as you would
expect.

And it's been interesting to watch how customers are interacting with that experience during a COVID-19
environment. The team is doing a great job, the medical doctor and the other professionals in the clinic,
of keeping people safe, and demand is still strong in an environment where people are not necessarily
taking advantage of a lot of preventative care. So it's really, I think, interesting and exciting for us to try
and figure this out. And even during this COVID-19 period of time, we're learning and figuring it out.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.

Robert Scott Drbul
Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

I guess just -- you gave us some commentary around back-to-school being a little slow right now. Just
wondering if you could maybe take a step back and give us some thoughts on where you think the
consumer is, where you think the economy is. And I guess, most importantly, when you think about the
holiday season, you have to plan a little early. If you might give us some color about the holiday season
and sort of how you're really thinking about it at this point.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Bob, I'll go first. This is Doug. It's obvious to say this, but there's just a lot of uncertainty right now and so
much variance in how customers are feeling about their situation. And this decision that the government's
got to make about phase 4 investments is an important one, and I think it's really important as it relates
to small business. And this economy and this country is driven so much by small- and medium-sized
businesses that we want to see something happen there that will help support those folks.

I think the larger companies are getting things sorted out, and the government is paying attention to
the larger companies that need some sort of financial support. But it's that small business group that, in
particular, I think we all need to keep our eye on and will probably determine just what this economy looks
like on the other side of the phase 4 stimulus.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

And I think, Bob, I'd also add, definitely, we see a number of consumers who are feeling better about their
personal finances, but the sentiment is a little lower than what they've been a year ago. And then we are
also thinking about the number of consumers who are thinking about job security and other opportunities.
I think in general, people perceive they're spending more money on food despite eating out less. And so I
think with the consumer, we'll be thoughtful about the way we plan the rest of the year, and we'll be very
adaptive and react to changes in the trends that we see from our shoppers.

Operator

Our next question is coming from the line of Greg Melich with Evercore ISI.

Gregory Scott Melich
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

One key question on the costs. I think, Brett, in the first quarter, you said it was $900 million of
incremental COVID costs. Is the right number for this quarter the $1.2 billion? And anything you could
give us in terms of the breakdown of that on sanitation versus labor costs and what you think might
persist into the third quarter and fourth quarter?

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. Thanks, Greg. So the $900 million we had in the first quarter would be equivalent to the $1.5 million
in the second quarter -- or billion, sorry. The $1.2 billion was just U.S. -- Walmart U.S. only. About 75% of
those costs are related to bonuses, payroll, benefits and the like for associates.

So there's about 1/4 of that that's related to cleaning and sanitation and other things inside the store.
There's certainly going to be some part of that continues the rest of the year and potentially, I would
think, into next year as well. So our ability to continue to be thoughtful about it -- but safety and -- of our
customers, our associates are just #1 on our mind as we take on those costs, so it's obviously something
that we're going to do going forward.

The bonus, the number in total is a little higher than last quarter. The second quarter -- or the last bonus,
the third bonus that we announced was accrued for in the second quarter. So that got picked up. So that
would be one additional bonus versus what you would have seen in Q1, and that's the main difference.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen with Cowen.

Oliver Chen
Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division

All the momentum in curbside, would love your thoughts on what you see ahead with automation and
profitability. And also, as you look at your customer insights and data, what are your thoughts about the
customer type that would use curbside versus delivery and how that may manifest over time?

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Oliver, the question on automation is where I'll start with. First, we have been working on a couple of
pilots where we're able to, I'd say, automate but really increase the amount of picks we're able to deliver
from a store. We've got a store in New Hampshire with a system called Alert that does our grocery picking
and assists with everything right up to dispensing. And we'll be expanding that pilot into Texas over the
next few months. So I think mostly, we're optimistic about the number of orders we'll be able to fill from
these sorts of installation going forward.

And then as far as the customer who is picking up today and whether they're interested in delivery or not,
I think what we learned from Delivery Unlimited is that there are a wide range of people who appreciate
delivery and are looking for ways to be able to buy delivery and pay for it in a way, as Doug said, that's
in bulk. So I think it's largely the same customer, and we'll, of course, learn more as time goes on. But
Americans all over the country are looking for convenience, and with Walmart's everyday low price plus a
convenient delivery fee, we see a lot of customers who are interested in this type of service.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

It's also been nice to see the Sam's Club team get curbside rolled out so quickly. And I think when small
business comes back online, we're well suited to serve bigger transactions from them that, currently, the
restaurants being closed, aren't happening as much as they will after the pandemic is over.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Kelly Bania with BMO Capital.

Kelly Ann Bania
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Just wanted to ask, with so much discussion about membership and the potential there with Walmart --
with Delivery Unlimited or down the road with what may evolve into Walmart Plus, I was just surprised to
see the headlines about the test with Instacart. So I was wondering if you could just help elaborate on the
thought process there.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Yes. Kelly, we are excited about the prospect of customers being able to access products and prices at
Walmart any way they choose, including delivery, as you said. And then the specific question on Instacart,
it is a test in California and then 1 market in Oklahoma. And what we're hoping to learn is does the
combination of those do reinforce the value proposition that Walmart has to offer.

Certainly, it's early. It's only been about a week, so really no read or anything to report on at this point.
But we're looking forward to learning about the data as it comes in.

Operator

Our next question is from the line of Edward Kelly with Wells Fargo.

Edward Joseph Kelly
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Yes. Just a few mostly kind of follow-ups. Just first on July, any color on the gross margin performance in
July?

And then as it relates to holiday, I'm just kind of curious, early thoughts on the current environment,
what we should expect on sort of consumer behavior and how are you preparing to win in a shopping
environment that probably will be different than anything we've seen historically.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Edward, on the margin, we don't break out by month, but across the quarter, the results are, of course,
in the release, stronger mix and then fewer markdowns as a result of higher sell-throughs in general
merchandise. And then as far as the holiday season, it's August now and we're in the midst of the
beginning of back-to-school, so we're carefully thinking through each of the different holidays and how
they may change as a result of what's happening. But even like with schools, we're still learning day
to day which schools are open or planning to open. And I think every one of the holidays that will be
experienced over the next couple of months, we'll have to decide as we get closer.

So the team is really working on plans and contingency plans and making sure that we are ready for the
customer any way they want to shop. They've shifted purchasing online. You can see that in our online
results of up 97% and with the growth of pickup. We'll make sure that we're ready with both of these
types of fulfillment options in addition to store shopping. So however the customer wants to shop, we'll be
ready.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Scott Mushkin with R5 Capital.

Scott Andrew Mushkin
R5 Capital Ltd

Actually, I did want to follow up on something that came up earlier in the call on the grocery business. I
think -- the second quarter, I know food was up high single digits, but the overall grocery business was
up mid-single digits. And I know you guys referenced some out-of-stock issues, but that was kind of a
challenge across the industry.

So if you kind of take a step back, I mean, it looks like a lot of your competitors ran in the high teens, and
so that's a pretty big difference. And I was wondering if you can maybe revisit that again and say what
you think drove that big delta between you and some of your grocery competitors.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Yes, Scott. This is John again. As I said earlier, we were high single digits in the food category, stronger
comps in general merchandise. And the growth in the quarter in food was about $3 billion in sales. And
what we're really focused on is the change in the number of stock-up trips, which you've had a pretty big
increase in the average ticket.

And then internally, what we're working through, as I said earlier, we've now got over 4,000 of our stores
back open until 10:00 p.m. We think that had an impact. And then again, early in the quarter, coming
out of the first quarter, we dealt with a number of issues in -- with out-of-stocks. And Walmart has been
improving, over the years, its ability to run a very lean and efficient supply chain. And with the spikes in
sales early -- or late in the first quarter, early in the second quarter, those had a disproportionate effect on
our business because of out-of-stocks.

But for the most part, I'm feeling much better about normalized inventory levels and our recovery. And
now we're -- we'll just work through different categories and issues we have with the supply chain not
being able to fill at the right time. But in general, the inventory levels are coming back into a more
normalized position.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Chuck Grom with Gordon Haskett.

Charles P. Grom
Gordon Haskett Research Advisors

Can you guys just unpack the ticket-versus-traffic dynamic throughout the quarter? And I guess I'm
curious, was the slowdown in July mostly ticket? And then when you look ahead to 2021, how are you
thinking about lapping these great results? And then the final question would be if you guys could
elaborate on Walmart fulfillment services.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Yes. Chuck, the question on lapping next year, we're working on the month of August...

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

We're all smiling at each other, Chuck. If you could please tell us what's going to happen in 2021, we
would appreciate it.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

That's right. That's right. And so we're just constantly reevaluating -- evaluating how to dynamically make
sure that we are staying ahead of where the customer is and what the customer needs from us. Back to --
what was your first question again?

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Traffic....

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Traffic and ticket. Yes. Traffic was -- again, we don't break out the months, but the quarter -- but you saw
the quarter number down 14% and stock-up trips are up. So customers are coming less often, but they're
buying a lot more while they're there. And the combination of those 2 factors are what resulted in the
9.3% comp. So just much bigger baskets.

And our pickup business, which is growing faster than the total -- or our eCom business is growing faster
than total. So the pickup business is a much larger ticket than what you'd see as a permanent store
shopper. And then on the marketplace and fulfillment services, again, early in the journey. We're just a
few quarters in, but excited about the leadership and the team and what they're able to do for sellers. And
this will -- the combination of this, along with marketplaces and then other relationships where sellers can
easily list a number of items on the site, we think will provide a really valuable place for sellers to come
and sell to our customers. So we're excited about the prospect of all these businesses.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

I think as it relates to the future, I would just remind everybody that at this point, we've got stores
pickup, delivery, a growing eCommerce, fulfillment center assortment and set of capabilities, and so we're
positioned to serve them how they want to be served, how they want to shop. So I think the flexibility
to respond in 2021 and beyond is there, and the team is doing a great job of reacting with speed. The
cadence inside the company has picked up.

We kind of smile when we think about the holiday because while we have to plan some aspects of the
holiday, we're managing near term much more actively than we would in a different environment. So I
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

think we're set up to have a business that will grow at a fast rate and to manage the profitability of it.
It was good to see in the last few years our general merchandise business online grow, and you guys
know we've had a lot of brands and a lot of items. And then in this last quarter, it was unique because
people -- a lot of people are at home and stimulus checks supported purchasing and things for them to
use at home, to entertain themselves or to fix their home up. So that was unique, but the commonality
of it is that the GM business in Walmart is strong, and that contribution percentage -- contribution profit
percentage of eCommerce is an encouraging metric.

So I know you're all trying to figure out what the future looks like. I think we're fundamentally well
positioned for it, and then we'll manage the short term to react to the opportunities that are presented.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Paul Lejuez with Citi.

Paul Lawrence Lejuez
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Two questions. One, I'm just curious, can you maybe talk about the gross margin improvement? How
much of that was from simply mix shift versus maybe if you can talk about which categories or segments
did you see gross margin improvement on a year-over-year basis?

And then second, just back to eCom profitability. Doug, if eCom runs up about 100% for the rest of the
year, what does profitability look like for 2020?

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

A lot better. It's a lot better. We figured that out. Brett was reminding us this morning, if you get more
sales, it helps everything else. So we've written that down, and we're going kind of follow up on that.

I think John walked through the components of eCommerce earlier. I won't repeat all the pieces, but
there's some big pieces of eCommerce P&L that are moving in the right direction. And they were before,
it's just that these tailwinds accelerated that.

So we don't know what the economy will look like next year in the U.S. We'll have to wait and see. But
this theme of an omnichannel presence is happening inside the company all over the world. We focused
in this conversation a lot on the U.S. because that's where your questions went. But if you dig into what's
happening at Walmex, look at what Canada is starting to do, it's exciting to see that thematically, this
work is looking more and more common. And of course, we're learning a lot from Flipkart and how they
operate. But these conversations about strategy and the eCommerce P&L are increasingly common from
country to country.

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

And on gross margin, it was a number of different things, which I mentioned. A lot of it was mix. Certainly,
general merchandise, as Doug say, we've been very focused on our general merchandise business, and it's
nice to see that really come to fruition in the second quarter. But also, we just sell more fewer markdowns,
and markdowns were a big part of the story. And our lack of markdown is a big part of the story in Q2.
Fuel margins were also better. So it's really all 3 of those things that were in our favor for the quarter.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Edward Yruma with KeyBanc.

Edward James Yruma
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I guess really quickly on last mile. I know you've been innovating a lot there. Could you give us an update
on kind of your ability to roll out this membership from a SMART perspective. If you've seen any changes

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

in California due to AB5. And then second, just as you think about store comps, when some of your
nonessential peers opened up, did you see any discernible difference?

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Edward, on last mile, today, we're delivering from about 2,800 stores, with line of sight to expanding
more. We've now got Express, which is a service that you can expect the delivery in just under 2 hours, in
some cases even faster than that, in around 2,000 stores. So those are big numbers and getting bigger.
So I think the ability for Walmart to expand its delivery service is strong.

Spark is a program that we're running, as you're aware, mostly in the center of the country, in the
Midwest, and it's doing well and growing. And we're excited about the innovations that the team are
working on in Spark to make this a business platform that's easy -- easier for drivers and others. And
then...

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

On the last question, it's, Edward, my sense that the order of things -- the order of tailwinds that impacted
the business were: one, stimulus; two, eating at home; three, being at home and all the things that you
wanted to do to have the indoors and outdoors be more pleasurable. And you weren't spending money if
you're a customer on travel and lodging and things like that, so those dollars were available for you to buy
things for your home as well. Those are the things that were more impactful tailwinds than whether or not
other competitors were open.

Operator

The next question is from the line of Ben Bienvenu with Stephens.

Benjamin Shelton Bienvenu
Stephens Inc., Research Division

I want to ask around working capital and inventory in particular. Obviously, working capital has been
a really nice tailwind for the business for the last couple of quarters in light of what inventory and
receivables and payables have done. You built up a pretty sizable cash balance on the balance sheet.
Could you help us think about how you think about positioning the cash balance going forward, whether
it's preparedness for a normalization of working capital or otherwise?

And then if I think about inventory, in particular, down 7.5%, where would you have liked that to have
been in a normal environment? So we can get a sense of kind of where you guys are positioning that line
item.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Ben, this is Doug. Brett will respond to the working capital questions. We're laughing here because if
you've been in some stores with us in the second quarter, early in the second quarter, we could have used
inventory everywhere. I saw some stores that were remarkably light. Just it was deeply concerning, and
the team was obviously scrambling that we could walk you across the supercenter.

And we've got pressure in eCommerce, too. But we were obviously feeling pressure in the beef and
pork categories as was well reported. But we were out of stock on fabrics. We were having challenges
in sporting goods. We needed a lot more inventory than what we had during the course of the second
quarter. Now we look a lot better today, but we were really a lot lighter than we would have wanted to be.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Yes. Just an example, Ben. We think about 25 million Americans would go fishing on a regular basis before
February, and that number has now moved to 35 million. So 10 million people decided to pick up just this
one hobby and...

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Bicycle and golf.

John R. Furner
Executive VP, CEO & President of Walmart US

Yes, bicycle is the same way, golf.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

I looked at fishing in the store this week, and we're still really light, just basic terminal tackle, hooks and
bobbers and stuff like that. It's got a lead time on it different than what this environment requires.

M. Brett Biggs
Executive VP & CFO

Ben, on working capital and just how we think about capital allocation in general, it really hasn't changed.
We're going to continue to support the business. You saw CapEx down a little bit, but I would think about
that more as timing, just not want to interrupt our stores with everything that's going on.

We have built up a little more cash than normal. And some of that is just because we're generating more
cash than we have in the past. But also, it's not a bad time to have a little bit of extra cash on hand as
opportunities come about and just ensuring that we protect the business. But I wouldn't -- as far as how
we think about capital allocation, I wouldn't view any changes in that.

Operator

At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. Now I'll turn the floor back to
Doug for closing comments.

C. Douglas McMillon
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We don't have anything else to say other than thanks for paying attention to the company, and we
appreciate you dialing in today. Thank you.

Operator
Thank you, everyone. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.
We thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

WALMART INC. FQ2 2021 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 18, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

