Welltower Inc. NYSE:WELL
FQ2 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, August 06, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ2 2020-

-FQ3 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

0.21

0.42

100.00

0.18

0.93

0.90

Revenue  (mm)

1206.15

1188.48

(1.46 %)

1177.85

4862.15

4996.70

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Aug-06-2020 9:03 AM GMT

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

- EPS (GAAP)  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

1.60

0.44

0.41

0.21

1.45

0.55

0.75

0.42

(9.38 %)

25.00 %

82.93 %

100.00 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Matthew Grant McQueen
Senior VP, General Counsel &
Corporate Secretary

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America,
Inc., Research Division

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief
Investment Officer

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Daniel Marc Bernstein
Capital One Securities, Inc.,
Research Division

Jonathan Hughes
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Joshua Dennerlein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Lukas Michael Hartwich
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Mei Wen Tan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Michael Albert Carroll
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q2 2020 Welltower, Inc. Earnings
Conference Call.

[Operator Instructions]

Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.

[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today to Mr. Matt McQueen, General
Counsel. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

Matthew Grant McQueen
Senior VP, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary

Thank you. And good morning. As a reminder, certain statements made during this call may be deemed
forward-looking statements in the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Although
Welltower believes any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, the company
can give no assurances that its projected results will be attained. Factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in the company's filings with
the SEC.

And with that, I'll hand the call over to Tom for his remarks. Tom?

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

Thanks, Matt. First and foremost, I hope that all of you and your families are safe and healthy during
these difficult times. When we last spoke with you in early May, Welltower was in the midst of the most
challenging period in the company's history. Many of our senior housing and post-acute care operators
had implemented admissions bans to prevent or control the spread of COVID within their communities,
critical personal protective equipment and testing kits were difficult to procure and labor challenges left
many of our operators short staffed. However, I am pleased to report that significant progress has been
made on all of these fronts. And that most of our properties have reopened with appropriate staffing levels
and requisite PPE and testing kits. This was accomplished through careful planning and precautionary
measures taken by our operators. In fact, in just a few months, 95% of our senior housing operating
communities are now accepting new residents, and this is significant because our communities are a
critical component to the care continuum. It is imperative that seniors have access to residential settings
in which professional care is offered to meet their everyday needs including safety, nutrition, hygiene and
medication management.

It is important to remember that this is a need-driven asset class. Welltower's traditional assisted living
portfolio is skewed towards higher acuity settings with our built for seniors who have exhausted the ability
to be cared for in a conventional home setting. We continue to owe a debt of gratitude to the frontline
workers in all of our properties who braved extraordinary obstacles to put the care of their residents above
all else.

While I'm encouraged by our progress, by no means, are we signaling the all clear. We are acutely aware
of the heightened level of risk, which continues to exist, particularly as the number of COVID cases in
the U.S. continues to rise. As Shankh and Tim will describe in greater detail, the toll from COVID on our
business has been and will continue to be pronounced. However, the decisions we have made since the
beginning of the pandemic and the steps we have taken over the past 5 years to strengthen our enterprise
have put us in a position to weather this storm. These decisions, while often difficult, are rooted in data
and always executed with the long-term interest of our shareholders in mind. This management team has

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

earned a reputation for taking on both opportunities and issues in a proactive manner and COVID-19 has
not changed that. One of the strongest examples of this approach relates to our recent efforts to further
strengthen our balance sheet.

As financial conditions began to deteriorate at the outset of the pandemic, our team did not panic.
Instead, through a thoughtful and deliberate process, we obtained a $1 billion term loan, providing us
with ample flexibility in the event of a prolonged market downturn. As conditions improved in subsequent
months, our team waited for an opportune time at which to return to the public market. And in June, we
issued $600 million of unsecured debt at just 2.75%, the lowest coupon on 10-year notes in Welltower's
history. These actions are a reflection of Tim McHugh and his team's responsible stewardship of our
balance sheet and the confidence from investors and our banking partners in the Welltower platform.

Another major achievement was the disposition of 2 large portfolios of seniors housing and outpatient
medical assets with a combined total value of $1.3 billion. These sales were executed during a time in
which few real estate assets traded and when the ability for senior housing to withstand the impact of
COVID was called into question.

Most notably, our $1 billion transaction with Kayne Anderson provided significant and immediate liquidity
to Welltower in a period of under 45 days, and was executed at valuation levels, which were only modestly
below pre-COVID pricing. Again, we were not back into a corner to deplete these deals. The valuation we
achieved demonstrated the appreciation for the long-term growth prospects for health care real estate
by astute investors and the strong liquidity, which exists for our asset class. I applaud our investment
teams for their perseverance in completing these deals under the most extenuating of circumstances.
As the year progresses, you should expect to see more of this. Following the completion of our capital
markets activity and portfolio dispositions, our near-term liquidity stands at $4.3 billion. The company is
extremely well positioned to address all near-term capital obligations and has ample capacity to execute
on accretive opportunities as they arise. Our team will continue to explore all avenues through which
to create value for our shareholders. And regardless of how strong our liquidity position is today. Our
underwriting discipline will not be compromised.

Many questions were made unanswered as to the duration and ultimate impact of COVID-19. However,
what we can say with great certainty is that the long-term drivers of our business remain firmly intact.
The population is getting older. The need for value-based health care is as important as ever and
addressing social determinants of health will only grow in relevance. While it's often difficult to see past
the next week or next quarter, rest assured that Welltower's long-term value proposition has not changed.
There will be challenging times ahead. But we are confident that the company is positioned to navigate
through these choppy waters and emerge as the continued leader in delivering the real estate that will
enable more efficient and cost-effective health care and wellness.

With that, I'll turn the mic to Tim.

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Tom. My comments today will focus on our second quarter 2020 results. The impact of
COVID-19 in the business observed this quarter, our capital activity in the quarter; and finally, a balance
sheet and liquidity update. In the second quarter, Welltower reported normalized FFO of $0.86 per diluted
share. These results include a total of $37 million or approximately $0.09 per share of property level costs
in our senior housing operating portfolio associated with COVID-19 pandemic. As we indicated last quarter,
Welltower elected to not normalize these COVID-related expenses for both normalized FFO and same-store
results.

Now turning to our individual portfolio components. First, their triple-net portfolios. As a reminder,
our triple-net lease portfolio coverage and occupancy stats are reported quarter in arrears. So these
statistics reflect the trailing 12 months ending 3/31, 2020, and therefore, only reflects a partial impact on
COVID-19.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

In the quarter, we collected 98% of cash rents due on these portfolios, and in the last night's release,
we reflected 97% of cash rents due in July, which is in line with previous months collections at this time.
First, our senior housing triple-net portfolio delivered 1.4% positive year-over-year same-store growth as
a difficult comp, combined with an increased bad debt accrual drove growth below original expectations.
Occupancy was down 50 basis points sequentially, and EBITDAR coverage increased 0.01x on a sequential
basis in this portfolio. Our senior housing triple-net operators have experienced similar headwinds as our
[ day ] operates during the second quarter, and we expect these coverages and occupancy stats reflect
that going forward.

Next, our long-term post-acute portfolio generated positive 2.1% year-over-year same-store growth, and
EBITDAR coverage declined 0.04x sequentially.. And lastly, health systems, which is comprised of our HCR
manager joint venture with ProMedica. And NOI growth of positive 1.375% year-over-year, and EBITDAR
coverage declined 1 basis point sequentially to 2.13x.

Turning to medical office. Our outpatient medical portfolio delivered positive 1.8% same-store growth as
a significant year-over-year decrease in parking revenue caused by National shelter in place orders during
the quarter, along with an increase in bad debt accrual was slightly offset by better-than-expected tenant
retention. New leasing velocity remains uneven as a result of COVID, in the second quarter ran behind
pre-COVID budget by 104,000 square feet. But the gap again narrowed June and July with new leasing
exceeding budget by 44,000 square feet in July.

During the quarter, we collected approximately 87% of cash rents, while improving 12% of rents for
2 months deferral plan. While the slower-than-expected reopening of certain regions in our portfolio,
caused more deferrals in the May-June period than we had anticipated when we reported our first quarter
numbers, we are encouraged by the momentum of the rebound in tenant openings. They accelerated
in the back half of June and July, driving cash rent collections to 95% in July. We've also had strong
deferred rent collection in June and July as our 2 month deferral plans began repayment, and we collected
96% of what was due over this period. We're extremely proud of the Welltower outpatient medical
employees, both on-site and working from home, who have kept our platform running smoothly during
these extraordinary times.

Before reviewing this quarter's senior housing operating portfolio results, I want to briefly summarize
the outlook we provided back in May, when uncertainty was at its peak. At that time, our expectations
were that occupancy would be down between 500 and 600 basis points from 1st April through June 30.
The REVPOR will be flat on a year-over-year basis, but expenses will increase by 5% sequentially, driven
primarily by labor costs.

Before turning to how things actually turned out in the quarter, I'd like to first point out that our same-
store pool is now representative 91% of our total senior housing operating NOI, and this will continue
to increase in the year-end. In the quarter, occupancy declines in our same-store portfolio by 490 basis
points from 1st April to June 30. Our same-store expenses declined 10 basis points sequentially, and our
same-store REVPOR declined 20 basis points year-over-year. The net result of this was second quarter
same-store NOI declining 24.5% from the previous year and 23.3% from the previous quarter. These
results were a function of widespread admission bans that were in place through most of the quarter that
limited movements as well as extraordinary COVID-related expenses totaling $34.2 million in the same-
store portfolio, resulting in significant margin compression in the quarter.

As a reminder, we are not normalizing any of these COVID related costs for same store. Looking forward
to the third quarter and starting with the July data we've already observed. We experienced a 70
basis point decline in occupancy in July from start to finish. And we expect to finish the third quarter
approximately 125 to 175 basis points lower than we ended the second quarter. We expect overall SHO
expenses remain relatively flat sequentially as continued reductions in COVID-related spend will be offset
by increased costs related to reopening communities, seasonal utility costs and an increase in insurance
costs.

Now on to capital market activities. In June, we issued a $600 million unsecured bond with a 10.5 year
tenure at 2.75%, and as Tom mentioned, the lowest tenure coupon in the company's history. We're able
to tender for $425 million of our 2 outstanding 2023 bonds, increasing the weighted average years of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

maturity to 9.2 years were unsecured bond borrowings and further derisking maturities through 2023.
Following these tender activities, which closed in July, we have approximately $1.3 billion in cash and cash
equivalents and the full capacity of our undrawn $3 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. Totaling $4.3
billion of near-term liquidity as of July 31.

Moving to investment activity. In the second quarter, we invested $124 million, almost entirely in our
development pipeline. On the disposition front, we completed $949 million of pro rata disposition at a
5.7% cap rate. Post quarter end, we closed in the second tranche of the MOB portfolio sale we announced
at NAREIT, for proceeds of $173 million at a 5.4% yield, and we expect the third and final tranche to close
in the third quarter for $89 million of additional proceeds at a 5.3% yield.

Shankh will speak to you later on. We feel very good about liquidity for all property types in our high-
quality portfolio and view our private cost of capital as significantly better price than our public costs this
current time. As a result of these successful dispositions in the quarter, we ended the quarter at 6.36x net-
debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA, a 43 basis point increase in the last quarter, despite an approximately 13.5%
decline in sequential EBITDA. COVID has substantially increased variance in our near-term EBITDA. And
consequently, we have done everything in our control to counter that and maintain a strong cash flow
based leverage profile, despite our currently depressed property level cash flows. We've also been acutely
focused on managing what is in our control to maximize retention of cash through is pandemic. This
has been focused on 3 main areas: G&A, CapEx and the dividend. On G&A, we expect to finish the year
between $125 million and $130 million of corporate G&A, implying a run rate of a little over $30 million a
quarter for the remainder of the year and representing a $10 million plus decrease from what we'd initially
guided for the year.

For Capex, we reduced CapEx spend by $12 million or 18% sequentially. With our growing liquidity
profile and our buildings opening back up, we expect the spend to increase over the next 2 quarters,
but still expect to finish the year approximately 16% below our 2019 levels were. And as we announced
last quarter, our dividend reduction, which has created approximately $110 million of quarterly cash
flow savings. The result of these actions, along with many others, was that we were able to retain a
significant cash flow before investment activity despite the substantial negative impact of COVID-19 at
our second quarter results. While these decisions, particularly the dividend decision were difficult, we felt
strongly that they gave us greater control as we navigate through the pandemic. Retaining cash flow is,
by design, difficult in the reconstruct. And so on analyzing near-term impact of COVID-19 on our cash
flows, it was not just an analysis of when we might return to breakeven levels of cash flow. There's a
question of how long that deficit would last. And the time it would take will retain cash flow to reach a
level that allows for the accumulation of debt deficit to be repaid, i.e., today's dividend would need to be
paid with tomorrow's cash flows. As the duration of the deficit period increases, its compounding impact
on the deficit repayment needed to return the balance sheet to pre coded levels. Ultimately, this has a
dual impact of not only amplifying business streams caused by the pandemic, but also destabilizing the
balance sheet. Disposing of assets or selling equity offsets this increased leverage, only increased the
payout deficit by either eliminating the cash flow from disposed assets or adding dividend-paying shares
to our share count. Our asset sales this quarter demonstrated why reducing the dividend to a level below
current cash flows was made by our management team, as we were able to make a decision to sell assets
based solely upon the value received and the stabilizing effect of these retained proceeds have had in our
balance sheet. We believe these decisions have removed dependence on a quick recovery. Allowing us to
decrease downside risk and we continue to make capital allocation decisions with a long-term focus.

And with that, I'll hand the call over to Shankh.

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Thank you, Jim, and good morning, everyone. I will now provide additional color on the operating
performance that Tim discussed and discuss our capital allocation strategy in this challenging yet rapidly
evolving times. As we reflect back on the frenzied pace of activity over the last few months, our focus has
been and will continue to be the safety of our residents and staff in our communities. Frontline heroes
at these communities have done a tremendous job of improving the safety and quality of our lives of the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

resident from the earliest days of this crisis. For example, in our SHO portfolio, reported resident COVID
cases over a trailing 2-week period peaked at 510 cases in the first week of May. And since then, are
down to 98 cases, representing an 80% decline from the peak. This is despite the fact that our operators
tested nearly 100,000 residents and employed so far. While COVID cases have spiked across the nation,
the prevalence of cases across our portfolio has remained relatively flat so far. COVID related deaths,
which peaked during the last week of April are down 92% since then and have so far remained relatively
stable in July despite a spike in nationwide cases. This remarkable improvement, though` far from being
completed, has allowed our operating partners to cautiously open doors to new prospects. In the last week
of April, 42% of our communities had official admissions ban, that number today is 5%, including 3%
partial bans.

Movements were down sequentially from pre-COVID February peak to April when you had the first full
amount of COVID by almost 77%. Since then, moving that up 174% from April low to July. Move-outs
have peaked in March and sequentially down 37% in July relative to March. However, we still have more
move-outs than move-ins. As a result of this, occupancy loss in our shop business has narrowed from
down 60 basis points during the last week of April and 1st week of May to down 10 basis points each of
the last 3 weeks. Though this improvement is encouraging, we are cautious about the overall environment
as spike in COVID cases in our markets are real, and they can impact our communities at any time. We
have been seeing a steady increase of leads, inquiries and deposits due to the need driven nature of our
business. The total number of leads in the system, which declined 55% from February to April trough
since bounced back 60% in June from that trough. It is approaching pre-COVID February numbers in
July. However, move-ins are trailing as those leading activities due to the hesitation in the psychology of
the consumers as they juggle between the difficulty of taking care of the elderly love one and the fear
related to the national headlines of rising COVID cases. So far, we have been positively surprised by our
operating partners' ability to scale expenses to a rapidly declining occupancy so far. We saw rates held up
slightly better than what we thought in assisted living and memory care segment, which is up 1.7%. The
occupancy was hit much more pronounced here, down 6.2% year-over-year.

While occupancy of our IL segment held up relatively better, down 2% year-over-year, rate growth
declined 10 basis points year-over-year. Additionally, the entrance of a lower price point seniors apartment
portfolio, 2 same-store pool in Q2 impacted the overall mix, reducing total reported same-store RevPAR
growth by 40 basis points for the quarter. Clearly, given how COVID has spread, the larger coastal markets
have been impacted significantly during the quarter, more than other markets.

Finally, we are starting to see some differentiation in operator performance that can be explained by
operator value add, not just location, product type or acuity. As I mentioned last quarter, correlation
pattern completely broke down in March and April, and we are happy to see it improving through June and
July.

On capital allocation front, we discussed on last quarter's earnings call to distinct mental model, short-
term defense and long-term offense, we are glad to inform you that during the quarter, we have largely
completed our efforts on the defensive side, and have now shifted our focus on the offense. We're
extraordinarily proud of our execution during the second quarter in both public and private markets. And it
is important to remember and understand these 2 are one interconnected set of decisions and not distinct
actions. For example, our exceptional execution with Dave and his team at Kayne Anderson in record
time with our senior housing and MOB portfolio disposition along with our execution to secure a term
loan with our banking partners, both took place during the dark days of March. These gave us confidence
to be patient in accessing public bond markets rather than issuing bonds when credit spreads were at
their peaks. If we were to issue bonds during those days, we would be looking a coupon close to 5%, not
2.75% that we issued later in the quarter. That would have come at a cost to shareholders of $130 million
over the life of the bond.

We believe our execution in private markets speak to the significant demand of stabilized assets, both
in senior housing and medical office assets -- classes. We're in middle of other transactions that are
premature to discuss at this point, but needless to say, we feel very strongly about the demand of our
assets, more to come as we progress through the year. Notably, this robust interest and pricing are
nowhere to be found in assets that are not in the middle of the fairway, such as those deals with broken

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

capital structure, suboptimal operators, development in leased-up assets or generational handover of
companies and access, to name a few. Fundamentals determine cash flow and asset price is a multiple
of that same cash flow. These variables are usually inversely correlated with opportunities to invest at
the highest moment of uncertainty. In other words, when fundamentals are great, asset pricing is high,
expected returns are low. When fundamentals are bad, asset pricing is low, expected returns are high.
We're seeing that playing out in many parts of senior housing sector today. We're starting to see signs
of distress across the spectrum of the issues I mentioned. These situations not only require capital, but
they also require operators who are otherwise overwhelmed with the demand of their time given what's
happening within their communities. And that's where we come in with our toolkit. As well, we think our
value proposition in 3 interrelated groups, capabilities, culture and capital. We lead with our capability, we
execute with our culture of partnership, and we get the ball across the finish line through our ability to ride
resolute check with unmatched speed and structural creativity.

When we introduced our idea through our business model to achieve greater alignment with our operators,
many of you asked if Welltower will be able to retain its culture of partnership, to which we responded,
the proof will be in the pudding. We are seeing the proof today. We are working with our operating
partners very closely in identifying assets in their backyard through our data analytics platform and
tailor-made to their model based on size, acuity, vintage, demographic and psychographic criteria. This
algorithmic approach narrows the opportunity set to a manageable number, which is tilted to succeed for
our operating partners to dive in and help us underwrite. Our operators and deal teams can connect with
their fellow operators and owners to run through our thoughts on pricing, our ability to close and execute
on operator transfer agreement on an expedited basis.

We are either getting a quick yes and jumping on the execution or we're getting a quick no and moving up
to the next opportunity. For example, one of our partners in Midwest, StoryPoint, we have identified 137
distinct communities in 7 states that fits their criteria, and we're going through the list of opportunities
with the StoryPoint team, one asset at a time. These states have more than 2,800 senior living properties
that are humanly impossible to hone on any practical basis. The job of the algorithm is to bring our
partners and our deal teams to focus at the highest probability last mile effort. We remain fundamental
value investors who are focused on bottom-up underwriting basis relative to replacement costs and
structural protection. In another example, we have -- are in process of executing on 3 premium
opportunities with our partner, Brandywine, in extraordinary locations such as Princeton, New Jersey and
Summit, New Jersey. In another example, we're proud to execute tenants, extraordinary opportunity
in Fisher Hill submarket of Brookline on an existing land and structure that used to be a college. The
townships and the people of Brookline has given us incredible support and zoning approval even during
COVID-19 to create an iconic 160 unit senior living project. We're underwriting several more transactions
with Balfour in their home markets of Colorado as well as the new home in Boston. I can cite many other
examples with other operators, but I will retain those for future calls. But I hope you walk away from this
call understanding that we have never been more excited about the opportunity to invest capital in the
senior housing space because of the pricing that we are seeing.

We're buying communities in our core California and New Jersey market for less than $200,000 unit,
while replacement costs in these locations are in excess of $0.5 million a unit, targeting development or
development plus returns without the majority of the development risk outside lease-up. We believe in this
business long term, we also understand the near-term is going to be uncertain and challenging.

Please note that uniqueness of this very challenge is what's creating a once in a duration opportunity
right before the multiticket upturn in the demand cycle. On the same time, at the same time, the supply
is coming to a scratching halt. Many of you who follow NIC data have seen started down to Q1 of 2009
levels, and we are likely to see this trend continue. Construction activity across all real estate asset classes
is down significantly, which is creating softness in soft and hard cost. Land prices are starting to show
cracks as well. In this environment, we are standing by our operating partner, shoulder to shoulder when
tourist capital is playing the space. And that is attracting more and more operator and development
partners to Welltower, highlighting the proof in the relationship pudding.

I am optimistic we'll be able to create significant value for our long-term shareholders in next 18 to 24
months by allocating smart capital, leveraging our operating platform.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

With that, over to you, Tom.

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO
Thanks, Shankh. Before we begin the Q&A session, I wanted to call your attention to a press release from
last week, announcing the appointment of Diana Reid to our Board of Directors. Diana is an accomplished
and highly respected executive with 38 years of experience across the financial services and commercial
real estate industries. She most recently served as Executive Vice President of the PNC Financial Services
Group and Executive of the Bank's commercial Real Estate business. She's also had leadership positions
in many prominent organizations, including the Mortgage Bankers Association, Commercial Real Estate
Finance Council, the Urban Land Institute and Real Estate Roundtable. All of Welltower stakeholders will
benefit from Diana's extensive experience and insights, and we are extremely fortunate to have someone
of her caliber join our Board. I'm also pleased by the fact that with Diana's appointment, 88% of our
independent directors are women and minorities. As I've said in the past, the diversity of our employee
base, our leadership team and our Board continue to be a priority of Welltower. This is not only a key
component of good governance, but it is a proven driver of higher returns to shareholders. And with that,
I will turn the mic back to Glen to open up the line for your questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions]

Our first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa.

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess, both Tom and Shankh, you guys spent a fair amount of time talking about the investment
opportunities. And Tom, it sounded like you alluded to some other potential sales coming down the pipe.
I guess, how do we sort of think about a way the sale of assets that may be stabilized? And Shank, it
sounds like you're looking at buying some broken assets. And just sort of the dilution short-term versus
kind of the long-term gain and the high-growth and maybe the high IRR potential is there just -- is
there sort of an amount of short-term dilution you're willing to take to get long-term growth out of these
transactions?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Steve, that's a very good question. If you think through at least sort of the mental model that we have,
we're fundamentally looking to sell at this point, assets that we think achieved pre-COVID pricing or pre-
COVID IRR if we have sold those days. Our need for liquidity that we had, obviously, or what we wanted
to achieve in March is all now achieved at this point. So we're looking for leasing capital from assets that
we think is a testament of their long-term value. With that, we're looking to buy assets or deploy capital,
whether there's assets or any other available opportunities, such as our stock. Unless we think there's a
substantially higher IRR that can be achieved. So that's how we're thinking about it. We are long-term
value investors, and we're not focused on quarter-to-quarter dilution. As you might have partly noted
that the sales that we executed in the quarter had $0.02 of dilution in the quarter, but we still think that
achieved extraordinary pricing as well as the value for the shareholders.

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

But Steve, I'd add that we're not sellers under duress. There are many quality sources of capital,
institution investors that see the long-term value of this space and are very interested if there's an
opportunity to buy high-quality assets from us or partner in a joint venture structure with us. So there are
very active dialogues going on, and that's why I mentioned, you should expect more of this as the year
progresses. There's -- I never want to say that definitively, but we're pretty optimistic at this point.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Joseph from Citi.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

It's Mike Bilerman here with Nick. Maybe you can spend a little bit of time talking about the senior
housing operating environment and whether you're seeing any differences in between operators of their
pricing strategies, whether some are using concessions versus some are holding rate? Just how different
operators, just like different health care REITs are approaching the market in different ways, I assume
your operators are as well? So if you can go through that, that would be helpful.

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Yes. So we are, obviously, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are seeing different strategies,
but sort of more, I will just describe that as a tweaking of pricing strategies than a wholesale change
in pricing. We believe than we provide an exceptional value to customers and for which we need to
attract a certain level of staffing for which you need pricing. So we're not interested in compromising on
their pricing or rather compromise on occupancy. So if you look at, as I mentioned, assisted living and
memory care portfolio RevPAR was up 1.7% even during this quarter. Now if you think about -- as you
lose occupancy and you're not building occupancy, you lose community fees that obviously impacts that
number in a pretty meaningful way. However, we're not seeing any decrease of like-to-like pricing in our
communities.

Just a reported number, Michael, was impacted by bringing the lower pricing or lower price points in
those apartment into the pool. If you exclude that, we would have reported a RevPAR increase of 20 basis
points, increase of 20 basis points relative to flat of what Tim described last call.

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

I would just add to that, Michael, from Shankh's point, at this point, who you're seeing moving as you've
seen move-ins pick up are really going to be your most needs-based resident. So the value proposition
from high-quality care, which -- and the reputation, which is where our operators sit within these markets
has probably never been higher. There could be a point when things actually start to pick up, and you
see the incremental demand come back where pricing comes into the equation, just given where -- how
suboptimal occupancy is across most markets. But at this point, pricing isn't what's driving incremental
occupancy. It's not driving the marginal customer. It's truly really a needs-based client that's coming in.

Operator

So next question comes from Rich Adison from SMBC.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Research Division

So obviously, you've got a commitment long-term to senior housing. I wonder -- and Shankh, I
understand you're not a seller unless you get obviously, reasonable price pre-COVID value and IRRs and
all the rest. But how would you characterize the future from an asset allocation perspective for Welltower
in light of skilled [ nursing ] and post-acute assets and medical office? Could -- if you had your way and
you got the pricing that you wanted, could senior housing almost the entire story here, 5 or 10 years from
now? Or is it more just growth in senior housing, and you'll continue to maintain some exposure to those
other asset classes?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

So Rich, as we have mentioned, and pretty much every call, our asset allocation strategy or really our
capital allocation strategy is driven by price. In the scenario that which you described that every asset
class that we play in remains perfectly overpriced for rest of 10 years and senior housing remains perfectly
underpriced for the next 10 years, then yes, the description that you give that is possible. That is really
how things happen, obviously, right? In moments of opportunity in the -- when you see in capital markets,
but capital comes in and out of sector for various reasons, you see these moments of opportunity. And
that's what we believe we're seeing. So near-term capital allocation, you're obviously, you're going to see
a significant increase in senior housing. But we love all of our asset classes. We love -- like we love all of
our children. There's no cushion that we want -- we remain interested in playing all different asset classes.
Our incremental capital allocation strategy is a function of price, not a function of our love for one asset
versus other. Right now, today, we have never seen a better opportunity to invest in senior housing as an
asset class.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jonathan Hughes from Raymond James.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Jonathan Hughes
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

My question is on the rate outlook, and you did touch on it a bit in Michael's question earlier, but I was
hoping you could share some thoughts on the trajectory or reception of rate increases in a world where
amenities have been taken away from residents? Of course, they've been taking away for their safety the
social interaction aspect is what attracts a lot of residents to these properties, and that might not be back
to normal for some time. So how does this removal of the socioeconomic factor kind of impact the rates
your operators are able to achieve today for both new residents and existing resident rate increases?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Jonathan, that is a great question, which is why you're seeing the lower acuity models where the need of
providing health care and social determinant of health is lower you are seeing rates not as pronounced
rate increases, as we have described to you, that we saw a slight decrease of rate. On the other hand,
where the social aspect of this business is very important, social aspect of the living is very important,
but more important is taking care of other health issues, obviously, that's where you're seeing increase
of rates. So it's an interplay between all aspects of the services that we provide. Where you have more
need-driven, obviously, residents, there will have less impact on rates. In this kind of environment, where
you have more lifestyle driven residents, you will see more impact of it just because of what you just
described.

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

Right. Jonathan, it's what I said earlier, our portfolio is skewed towards the higher acuity. So these are
truly people that are moving in, in this environment, have really exhausted other options. So the social
part of the senior housing model is not as important to them. They need to make sure that these seniors
are getting their daily care they can't -- that cannot be done in -- by many families today in the world
we're living it. It becomes impossible, particularly if someone has dementia. So that is the profile generally
of who's moving in today. They're not as concerned about the social aspects of the senior living model.
But as things start to come back to normal that, once again, will become a more important attribute to the
consumer. But today, it's really all about safety and care.

Operator

Our next question comes from Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets.

Michael Albert Carroll
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Shankh or Tom, can you talk a little bit about how the second CVID wave or maybe the continuation of
the first COVID has impacted your operators, I guess, particularly in California, had they been forced to re
shut down or delay reopening some of those facilities? Or what's the thought process behind that?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Thank you, Mike. That's a really, really good question. Frankly, I am extremely encouraged and positively
surprised by the example you just brought it up in your question, I was going to use that. California is
probably the only place where you can see there's a true second wave, right? There's a lot of other states
where you're seeing sort of the first big wave, I'm happy to tell you, this is why I was so encouraged
by the performance of the last 3 weeks, we haven't seen a significant admissions ban or lack of
performance in California in the last 3 weeks. That's really surprised me. We reported, as you can see in
our presentation, sort of 10 basis points of occupancy decrease in the last 3 weeks. Those are obviously
rounded numbers, Mike. But if you just followed the real numbers, they were down 14 basis points,
down 10 basis points and last week, it was down 7 basis points. Given California, is our largest market,

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

in California has obviously impact to those numbers, you would have seen a much, much worse, and
worsening impact, not an incrementally better numbers going forward.

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

Mike, I wanted to add to that. I'm not going to name the operator, but there's one operator, in particular,
who was very quick to shut the door during the first wave in California. And what I would tell you is, in
the second wave, they are taking new residents. So they needed to adjust to this COVID environment,
and they did that by, really by effectively shutting down. And now when COVID comes back, they are
in a position to safely admit new residents. They have the right protocols and procedures in place that
are enabling them to, again, meet the demand for this quality of care in a residential setting in markets
where the headlines are pretty scary. But I think that's a good indicator, and it helps us explain some of
the stats that you see in our deck, why the number of cases while are not spiking in our portfolio like they
had back in April, in May, when the operators were blindsided at not just our operators, I mean, we all
were blindsided by COVID. And so again, this could change, Mike. But it's an interesting -- California is an
interesting data point for us.

Operator

Our next question comes from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc Capital Markets.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

I want to follow-up on the investment cadence within the context of what's going on with cash flows and
leverage. Are you guys better to buy or to sell right now? In other words, will sales and purchases be
more balanced here going forward and offset one another in terms of volume?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

No. I cannot sit here and tell you that I know or have any idea. I will only tell you that's dependent on one
thing and that's price and expected return out of those buy and sell. If we find the opportunity to deploy
capital, that is an extraordinary basis and return, we'll buy more. If we think that we're better off selling
because the market is providing us great value for our assets, that sort of sees through these uncertain
times, then we'll sell. On a practical basis, there's going to be a combination of both. Obviously, as you
think through how assets and how that debt repriced, eventually the stress to debt service coverage,
how that stress is obviously equity. It takes time, but we're very encouraged by what we are seeing
already seeing today. But I cannot tell you sitting here on any given quarter, how those sales versus buys
volumes, whether they will sort of cancel each other, one will be higher than each other. I can't tell you
that. It's just purely price dependent.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley.

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Maybe both for Tom and Shankh. You've obviously talked a lot about exciting acquisition opportunities
across the spectrum, more so seniors housing. I'm just wondering, seniors housing specific, can you
talk about those opportunities in context of kind of geographies, meaning the U.K. and Canada as well,
product type, IL, AL? And then maybe even something that you've talked about in the past, the affordable
product. So what are you looking at in terms of potentially getting a little bit more aggressive on in terms
of building the portfolio out from here?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

So Vikram, we're looking at opportunities across the board in all 3 countries, obviously, just given the
population and the number of product, we're seeing more opportunities in U.S., distressed or rather
more favorable pricing so far we see across the board, not necessarily one product versus other, but
probably more in high, high acuity and AL memory care, probably there is more distress because
you saw the occupancy fall the most in that. And that's pretty much I can tell you, we're seeing, as I
mentioned, we are seeing across Coast, East Coast, West Coast, we're seeing extraordinary, we have
seen some extraordinary pricing in both coasts. We're seeing a lot of opportunities in Midwest. We're
seeing opportunities in Texas. We are in it, our deal team, which is our legal team, our investment teams
and all the teams that support them have never been busier. But whether we will be able to -- what we
execute on will be a function of, as I said, price and needs to be reflective of the environment that we find
ourselves today.

Operator

Our next question comes from Tayo Okusanya from Mizuho.

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Yes. So I just wanted to focus a little bit on the comments around the improvement in the -- well,
improvement in the rate of decline as it pertains to occupancy in senior housing. Again, clear that most of
your facilities are open, it sounds like virtual tours and things are happening. But can you just talk a little
bit more about why that slowdown especially is occurring and the ability of the directors of these buildings
to still kind of get movement in traffic despite COVID or whatever have you?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Yes. So I think we touched on this a little bit. But as you can think about our portfolio, primarily our U.S.
and U.K. portfolio, it's high acuity. It's a need-driven portfolio, right? So there is, again, you can only
push off this demand so much. So we're seeing, as I mentioned, that just if you think about leading
indicators, just take leads. And I mentioned those in my prepared remarks, you saw a rapid decline of
lease pre-COVID, first -- last month of pre-COVID is February, a significant decline, 55% decline sort of
to the trough of May -- April. And by June, it was up 60%, in July, it's now actually -- in month of July
approached the pre-COVID numbers of February. But if you kind of peel back the onion and you will see,
there are -- the majority of the people are more need-driven than just lifestyle-driven, and it just is due
to the fact that they can only push off the need that much into the future. So that's why we think we're
seeing it. The other thing I will tell you, we have given you the absolute number, not just the percentages
number of what is going on in the community from the perspective of COVID. I hope you think given
how large our portfolio is, how many units available versus the number of people in the COVID, which
we mentioned, 98 cases, that is a remarkable testament to the quality of care that's provided by our
operators in those places. And that reputation does matter. And that -- you cannot say the same thing
about the industry as a whole. But our operating partners have that reputation, they're delivering on that
reputation, and that's what's attracting new residents.

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

One of the things I’m going to add to that, Tayo, is the decision has changed today, it's can you -- number
one, is there COVID in the building? Can you take my mother or father? Are you able to take them in?
What -- how are you going to protect them? And that's -- and can you meet their needs? That is the
decision chain today because so many people have exhausted their ability to care for that relative. And
have been, in many cases, in many markets, they've had no options, but just to take care of them at
home or in their home. And if you think about it, a lot of these residents or incoming residents, their
lifestyle is being shut into a room in a house or they're living by themselves in a apartment with some
limited, either family care or home health care. So in a sense, the lifestyle component doesn't change too
much for that individual, except there's much more security and consistency around their care program
than can be achieved in a conventional home unless you're extremely wealthy.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of John Kim from BMO Capital Markets.

Piljung Kim
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

So your operator diversification is a positive for your company in the performance. But when you look
at some of your larger tenants and the sequential decline, looking at the Sunrise or Revera, the pretty
significant underperformance within your portfolio. I'm not sure if you can comment on these operator
specifically? Or if not, overall, the ability for some of your private pay senior housing operators and their
ability to handle this kind of performance in the absence of government assistance?

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

Before Shankh gives you an answer just as the operators, just point out, you know this, but in-place NOI
be annualized in the quarter. And so sequential changes are just more pronounced. So if you're taking the
entire sequential change and you're multiplying by 4 to get to that in-place NOI number.

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

But regardless, John, you make a point, there's no question that some of our higher acuity operators
have definitely underperform. And if you add higher acuity with coastal locations that is definitely some
-- in some operators, we have seen some significant performance decline. But that is why you have a
diversified portfolio, right? Without getting into very specific names. But if you follow through the coastal
market and then you add acuity, where we saw the most decline, it is not difficult to find out who would
have performed relatively better or worse. But as Tim pointed out, that you should not take 1 quarter
when NOI declines staggering 25%, if you multiply by that 4, you're going to get very, very different
results.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

So I just wanted to turn back to the move in issue. So I mean, move-ins have improved, but they're still
down 45% in July versus last year. And so I guess I'm wondering, do you have any data on why customers
are delaying move-ins? And particularly, if you have any feel for the time frame of that delay? Are people
telling you, they just want to wait 3 months, they're going to wait a year, they're going to wait until there's
a vaccine? And then I guess, I know you talked about leads, but it would be helpful to understand instead
if you had any sort of backlog of deposits you can point to?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Okay. So first is, let me answer your second part of your question. Deposit activity is extraordinarily
strong. As I've pointed out, the move-in activity, which has been obviously improved pretty meaningfully
is not matching the deposit activity as people are spreading out their move-in days. That's what I think
you're asking about, and I pointed out in my prepared remarks. I think the other part of your question
was. Is move-in down from last year? Absolutely, it is. If you think about what we are trying to get to, at
least what most analysts and investors asking us they're trying to get to a point, understand the run rate
earnings power of the company. Sequential gives you that. Year-over-year is a function of what happened
yesterday. Sequential gives you what is going to happen tomorrow, and I think that's what sort of -- we
are personally with -- eager to figure out the exact time and say anyway, what is our run rate EBITDA. But
is move-in down from last year? There's no question. Of course, you see we have lost 500 basis points of

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

occupancy in 1 quarter. So you are not at the same level of activity, and it is going to take some time to
come back to the same level of activity.

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

Nick, I want to add something to that. What you see is people are, as Shankh mentioned, the deposit
activities is good. The move-ins are delayed. What's delaying that move-in? I think it was your question.
In some cases, it's -- you -- if I can't visit right now, on a regular basis. I can't visit mom or dad on a
regular basis. I'm going to wait until there's some safe visitation model before I move them in. So they've
secured a place, but they're delaying until perhaps there's some -- again, we've seen visitation allowed
in many states, and again, under very strict protocols. In some cases, in some states, it's the testing.
It's that, I don't want my mom to be tested to be poked and prodded twice a week. So I'm going to wait
until that settles down. So it's elements like that. These are people that need to come in they've secured
a place with a deposit, but they're waiting to the conditions might meet their needs a bit better if the
situation isn't desperate. Like today, I need to move my dad today, I cannot take care of him anymore in
the situation he's in. So it's individual, it's specific to the family and the individual, but it's things like that,
that are causing that delay.

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

And Nick, that's why we're not giving you our best guest scenario or our best guess, that occupancy will
be up next quarter, right? Given the amount of activity and demand that we see in the system, you think
that just from that, we will be indicating that occupancy will be up, we're not. Because we want to see that
hesitation sort of gets at least for next 3 months, we want to see how that plays out before we tell you
that we feel that the consumers are coming back in-house. So we're not saying that. We want to see how
that plays out.

Operator

Our next question comes from Joshua Dennerlein from Bank of America.

Joshua Dennerlein
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Curious on operator expenses going forward, there obviously was a lot of extra COVID costs. What
should we kind of look for in 3Q? And maybe the ability for labor to flex as occupancy has come down in
marketing budgets? That would be really helpful.

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Yes. So I think the way I would think about that is just within the quarter, looking at kind of COVID costs,
the biggest piece of it, if you think about COVID costs and roughly, call it, 20% of that is kind of PPE and
cleaning. And that is likely going to be around until a vaccine or the pandemic has come down a lot. In
saying that, I'd say the cost of PPE still likely inflated. So the cost of acquiring requiring has come down
quite a bit from the certainly March-April area, but it's still, in many years, probably 2x to 3x or it should
be when supply change and completely kind of normalize. But just speaking to kind of current pricing if
PPE, cleaning make up about 20% of that, there's a piece of it then that is kind of dietary and that dietary
piece is from delivering meals to rooms instead of running the common or dining areas, that will start to
come down as you see some normalization of internal activities. And then lastly, the labor piece. And the
labor piece makes up the large majority of the cost here. And the labor piece, actually, it's probably fair
to think about in our -- the deck we put out last night, we've got our trailing 2-week COVID cases, and
you see they peak on May, and that's actually probably a very good indicator of when our labor costs were
tied to COVID peaked. So April and May, both had pretty high COVID-related labor costs. It came down
considerably into June. That will burn off, obviously, dependent on the pandemic and the prevalence of
COVID-19 in our facilities. But as that's come down, that labor piece is almost burned off entirely at this

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

point. So going forward, I think it's right to think about just that kind of PPE and cleaning cost being a
dominant force and then labor will be dependent on the actual prevalence of the virus.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steve Valiquette from Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

A couple of questions here. I mean, you touched on this a little bit already, but just that comment on Slide
17 that the recent rise in COVID case may result in near-term increases in admissions ban. It sounds like
your operators are now generally want to be on the offensive move-ins. So I guess if there are potential
new emission ban, it sounds like they would be more mandated by state government as opposed to
voluntary bans. So just want to make sure that we're thinking about that the right way? And then maybe
the bigger question overall, Shankh, you kind of touched on this for 3Q, but the way it stands right now, is
it your expectation that in calendar '20, that Welltower will cross the threshold and SHO where the move-
ins will exceed move-outs and occupancy will start to increase at some point this year or is that still up in
the air right now, the way it stands, just wanted to get clarity around the calendar '20 thoughts around
that?

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

Thanks, Steve. This is Tim here. I'll start with your question on move-ins ban and then Shankh can answer
your second question. I think I'd just kind of recharacterize your comment on our operators being on the
offensive. I think our operators are being very smart about the way that they're admitting residents. And
I think you're correct in what we'll call it kind of outright admissions bans. And Tom kind of made this
point about California with one of our operators that kind of voluntarily move to admission ban in the first
wave, the second wave, they're admitting residents. But certainly, the admission protocol is extremely
heightened, and that gets a little bit of Tom's point and even some of that hitting of that protocol being
part of the reason why you're not seeing people choose to move-in. But I think part of what we've seen
so far is, as you've seen, the cases spike nationally again. You've seen cases within our facilities move up
but stay very controlled and start to come back down the last 2 weeks. And I think that's actually -- it's
symbolic of the admission protocol is working very well. So do I think the actual admissions ban, you're
correct. That will be driven more so by probably state and local municipalities. And then obviously, the
building itself when there is an actual case of COVID. But the building -- the operators themselves, I think,
are just being very cautious about admitting. And so that's playing a role here. But the actual bans will be
more driven by governing bodies.

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Steve, to your second question, do we -- are we here to sit down and predict when move-in and move-
outs will cross over? Well, absolutely not. You tell us how you think COVID will play out, and we'll tell you
how that will translate into our numbers. We're only telling you what we have seen until yesterday. We're
not going to sit here and predict what might happen tomorrow, given the uncertainty of this environment.
We're encouraged by what we have seen. We're also obviously, telling you that we're very cautious that
things can change anytime. So we'll obviously not going to sit here and predict when those 2 will cross
world. But we are very, very encouraged that it came very close last week.

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

Yes. And the one thing we do know, Steve, is that the operators know what they're dealing with today. In
March, April, May, they were, again, trying to figure out what was happening. And we're unprepared as
we all were. So I think that the positive today is that they do have the right policies, procedures in place
to manage a very difficult situation, but things can change on a dime. So again, reiterating why we're not
being -- looking try to predict what's going to happen through the rest of the year.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Operator

Our next question comes from Lukas Hartwich from Green Street Advisors.

Lukas Michael Hartwich
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

There's a lot of focus on the potential for government support for senior housing here in the U.S. I was
hoping you could provide some color on that discussion in Canada and the U.K.?

Thomas J. DeRosa
Chairman & CEO

Well, in the U.K., it's a very different story, Lukas. This -- there is much government support for the senior
housing industry in the U.K. and unlike in the U.S., it did not become a target of hysteria around COVID,
what's interesting in the U.K. The frontline workers in the senior care business are considered heroes like
the people who work in hospitals. In the United States, that's not the case. And that's a shame because
the health care workers in the senior living in post-acute care spaces, have been subject to the same
conditions that as health care workers and hospitals, they faced a lot of the same challenges. And like our
health care workers and hospitals, they're doing the best they can to meet the needs of their population.
So I'm hoping that will change in the U.S. But in the U.K., it's a different. And there's certainly more
government support for the senior living industry in the U.K. in Canada, remember, our business is really
more of an independent living business. The higher acuity models in Canada, our government provided.
So to date, I can't comment on government support in Canada coming into the independent living model
-- into the independent living sector. I really couldn't comment on that. They're both -- obviously, both
countries are at a very different health care system than the United States.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein from Capital One.

Daniel Marc Bernstein
Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division

Quick question. So when we look back at '09, average entrance age went up, acuity went up, margins
went down. Length of stay went down. Where you're looking at the opportunities that sound generational,
how are you thinking about the underwriting of the long-term fundamentals of the business? I know that
may be very difficult. But are you concerned about maybe the long-term upside of the NOI, the business is
a little bit lower going forward than it has been in the past?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Yes, I am not only concerned, I'm paranoid about everything that changes investment returns. So that's
why in this uncertain environment, the price needs to reflect that uncertainty, right? But I do think the
industry is coming to a point where you can underwrite different scenarios and then price that in. At the
end of the day, we deploy capital to make money for our shareholders. There's no guaranteed return.
If we want a guaranteed return, we'll be buying government bonds. But we do think that today, as
opposed to 90 days ago, our sector is reaching a point where you can underwrite. And you can price in
uncertainties of the various things that you mentioned. So we'll see how it plays out, but we do believe
that at the end of the day, if the revenue characteristic, the cash flow characteristics, not just revenue, the
cash flow characteristic of an asset comes down, what will do is that will depress returns. And obviously,
that means that will depress future developments if there's no returns, they'll help us sell not chase the
assets and ultimately, demand and supply will balance. That is true for any capital-intensive business. So
will not be any different here as well. But you're raising some very, very good points, and we are not only
concerned, we're also paranoid about those things. And we're trying to do the best we can from top-down
sort of data analytics approach to bottom-up a value investing approach, and I sort of described, I'm not
prepared to remark how we're bringing those together.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Our next question comes from Sarah Tan from JP Morgan.

Mei Wen Tan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

This is Sarah on from Mike Müller. Just one question on my end. How much of your triple-net revenues are
at risk on rent reset, could you comment on that?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Sarah, can you say that how much of the triple-net rent? I couldn't hear the last part of questions?

Mei Wen Tan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

How much of your -- what portion of the triple-net revenues are risk for rent reset?

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

I think, Sarah, I think you said, how much of our rents are risk of a rent reset?

Mei Wen Tan
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

That's right for the triple-net revenue?

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. So as I said in my prepared remarks, the triple-net business and senior housing are 2 different
structures. And so the headwinds in our felt by everyday business is certainly being felt on the triple-net
side. There's some differences given different products mix and locations. But what I said last quarter and
will repeat again, is that the economics long term, have to support the rents. And I think that's something
we've talked about a lot on calls in the last 2 years, and we've restructured a lot of these rents and we got
on some of this is that operators see the long-term opportunity in this asset class and want to remain in
these buildings and in control of these buildings. And so the thought of there being kind of a rent reset
based just on current economics, I think, is somewhat misplaced. So -- and you look at rent collection,
and it remains very strong in this space as well. So I think in general, there's no -- we're not here to say
that the economics underlying these properties been challenged, and there will be certainly conversations
around economics and the rental line and we were prepared to have those. But at this time, I think the
best we can do is continue to see where rents go and collections stay high, and we'll continue to observe
that and report to the market.

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

And Sarah, as you think through, we're not obviously going to speculate, but as Tim talked about,
that's how we think about it. As you think through our numbers and try to get to your best guess, just
remember, our reported numbers still include a very large tenant that we have already restructured and
announced to the Street, which is Capital Senior. That's still in those numbers. They will be out in the next
2 quarters, but that has already happened.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Tayo Okusanya from Mizuho Capital.

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Just a quick follow-up on the health systems platform. Could you just help us understand at this point,
I know there's a lot going on in skilled nursing and government funding? But could you just help us
understand specifically what you'd expect to kind of happen next from a government funding perspective?
We're just kind of hearing also from the states about Medicaid funding, just given all their budgets are
pretty stretched right now because of the whole COVID issue?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Yes. So Tayo, we're reading the same things that you are reading. This is inappropriate for us to speculate
on what additional government funding might be or might not be coming to the space. So we'll just leave
that for future discussions. But we're encouraged by the support that post security industry has seen so
far.

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

What about on the state level, just given a lot of them are setting the budgets right now. Are you kind
of hearing anything of any states actively set next year. Just to have a good sense of what the Medicaid
funding would look like?

Shankh Mitra
Vice Chair, COO & Chief Investment Officer

Thank you for trying, Tayo, will remain the same answer that it is an inappropriate venue for us to
speculate on future state government action as well.

Operator

Thank you. I show no further questions in the queue at this time. This concludes our Q&A session.
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may all
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

WELLTOWER INC. FQ2 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  AUG 06, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

22

