Welltower Inc. NYSE:WELL
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Thursday, October 29, 2020 1:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS (GAAP) 

0.17

0.77

352.94

0.20

1.55

0.93

Revenue  (mm)

1153.30

1036.87

(10.10 %)

1163.30

4773.60

4751.92

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-29-2020 9:58 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS (GAAP)  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.44

0.41

0.23

0.17

0.55

0.75

0.42

0.77

25.00 %

82.93 %

82.61 %

352.94 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

10

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Matthew Grant McQueen
Senior VP, General Counsel &
Corporate Secretary

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer &
Director

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Connor Serge Siversky
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG,
Research Division

Daniel Marc Bernstein
Capital One Securities, Inc.,
Research Division

Derek Charles Johnston
Deutsche Bank AG, Research
Division

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.,
Research Division

Juan Carlos Sanabria
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Lukas Michael Hartwich
Green Street Advisors, LLC,
Research Division

Michael Albert Carroll
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Michael William Mueller
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and
Markets, Research Division

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC,
Research Division

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America,
Inc., Research Division

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities,
Research Division

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research
Division

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Q3 2020 Welltower Inc. Earnings
Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
[Operator Instructions]

I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today to Mr. Matt McQueen, General
Counsel. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.

Matthew Grant McQueen
Senior VP, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary

Thank you, and good morning. As a reminder, certain statements made during this call may be deemed
forward-looking statements in the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Although
Welltower believes any forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, the company
can give no assurances that its projected results will be attained. Factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are detailed in the company's filings with
the SEC.

And with that, I'll hand the call over to Shankh for his opening remarks. Shankh?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone. First and foremost, I hope that all of you and your families
are safe and healthy during these difficult times. Before I get into the accomplishment for the quarter
and discuss our capital allocation strategy, let me make some comments on leadership changes and
strategy going forward for Welltower. Let me start with our outgoing CEO, my close friend and mentor,
Tom DeRosa. Tom's impact on our industry, our company and me, can never be overstated. He was a
visionary who saw the need of integrating senior housing into healthcare continuum years before COVID
and now we all know the importance of that today and going forward. He was a successful -- he took a
successful entrepreneurial company and made it a process-driven institutional company that attracted an
incredible caliber of talent. And last but not the least, his contribution on me personally and my career can
never be overemphasized. He has been a terrific boss, a great mentor and a close friend. He continues to
help me even today and guide me as necessary. We wish Tom the very best in his retirement.

I'm also pleased to announce that Phil Hawkins, one of the most well-respected ex CEOs of the REIT space
has joined our board. Well, looking forward to Phil's guidance and mentorship for many years to come.
And finally, I'm thrilled to be working with our new independent Chairman of the Board, Ken Bacon, with
a strong track record of leadership and experience both in real estate and finance. Ken will lead our Board
and partner with me and our leadership team as we execute our company strategy. As far as our team is
concerned, the company has never been in a better place. There are about 20 women and men who are
leading this company forward every day. I cannot be more proud of this team. In the coming weeks and
months, you will see the series of promotions and new roles that will consolidate the leadership of this
company. Not a change per say, just the recognition of the exceptional work that the team is doing. Our
team has never been busier and more excited to create once-in-a-lifetime value for our owners. Many of
you have asked me if our strategy will change going forward? The answer to that question is an emphatic,
no. Welltower will continue to strive to be the premier wellness infrastructure company that allocates
capital in the path of growth of healthcare and wellness trends. We're not -- you're not going to get any
grand strategic pronouncement for me. We'll focus -- continue to focus on creating value for our partners
and our employees if they create significant value for our owners. And the partners and employees will be
able to create long-term sustainable value only if their end customers are happy. It is that simple. We do
not need to complicate a simple idea.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

We need to continue to execute and deliver superior cash flow growth on a per share basis. To parastate
one of my favorite CEOs of all time, Tom Martin, the goal is not to have the longest train but to arrive at
the station first using the least amount of fuel. We will continue to be vigilant as ever that institutional
imperative do not creep into our culture, and we remain focused on efficiency of the platform, data-driven,
decision-making and employee satisfaction.

Given it is my first call as CEO, I'll lay out a simple capital allocation framework for you. A company
effectively has 4 choices of raising capital. Tapping internal cash flow, issuing debt, issuing equity and
disposition of its existing assets. It also has 5 essential choices of deploying that capital, investing in
existing assets, acquisitions, paying down debt, paying dividends and buying back stock. You can loosely
call the first set of choices as selling, but right description of that would be sourcing or raising capital.
You can loosely call the second set of choices as buying, but the client description would be deployment
of capital. Following the same line of thinking, loosely-speaking, consistent buying low and selling high
creates value for our shareholders.

In a more wholesome and thoughtful description, optimizing these choices from this menu of sources and
uses in a tax-efficient manner creates value for continuing shareholder on a per share basis. The goal is
to maximize cash flow and value per share, not to become the biggest or the most revolutionary. We, at
Welltower, do not spend a second strategizing on how to win the popularity contest on Wall Street. In fact,
as stated in the past, we focus on buying assets when they're out of favor that is unpopular at the right
price in the right structure. Ultimately, this capital deployment strategy allows for outsized return with a
large margin of safety. Price, not exposure, is the ultimate mitigant of risk. We are constantly striving to
create value and trust you as our shareholders will reward the companies that create true intrinsic value
over long term.

If you allow me to continue this team of sourcing and deployment of capital, let's look at what we have
achieved in Q3 and post quarter close. We are delighted to inform you that we have executed on 2 large
senior housing transactions at a valuation significant in excess of $400,000 unit in the mid-3% cap rate
on current NOI and around 5% cap rate on pre-COVID NOI. These transactions with our Invesco joint
venture on MOBs puts us in an enviable position of balance sheet strength. We currently have $5.2 billion
of liquidity and $2.2 billion of cash which is expected to rise further as the quarter progresses. We, at
Welltower, do not see balance sheet as a matter of vanity like vintage cars. But the most important
countercyclical tool is to create value at the cycle lows and avoid the need of raising dilutive capital at
exactly the wrong time in the cycle. That gets us to our menu of capital deployment to particular interest
investing in hard assets and doubling down on the assets that we already own through buying back our
own stock.

In a matter of any acquisitions, assets of stocks, patience is a virtue with occasional boldness and we
think that moment of occasional boldness is finally here. We have in excess of $1 billion of acquisition in
our pipeline comprised of 6,500-plus units at an average price of $165,000 unit at a material discount
to replacement cost. 17 deals in the pipeline represents a wide range of transactions from a $10 million
redevelopment asset to $188 million core portfolio of brand-new assets. We have identified many of these
assets working with our existing partners through our data analytics platform or who are buying out
other capital partners of our existing operators. The pipeline's initial yield is at low force, but we believe
it will stabilize in the high single-digit to low double-digit yields. At a very short-term but incorrect way to
look at this will be, we're deploying capital in the low 4% trends and sourcing that capital in the mid-3%
range. We believe the correct way to look at this will be that we are sourcing that capital in the mid-single-
digit unlevered IRR and deploying at a low double-digit unlevered IRR. As evidenced by sourcing the
capital in the 400,000-plus per unit level and deploying that capital at $165,000 per unit level. Despite
our weak cost of public capital, this freight has never been wider. And hence, the opportunity to create
generational value for our owners on a per share basis. And that completes the loupe for you and explains
why our team is so excited and so busy. We believe we are making real impact and anticipate this creating
exceptional value. We not only see this environment as an opportunity for smart capital allocation in the
financial realm, but also in the human capital area. We are seeing availability of superior talent in the
marketplace today, and we're pouncing on this opportunity as we are on the investment side.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

With that, I will hand the mic over to Tim, who will walk you through the operational and financial results
for the quarter. I will come back to make some additional comments on the operation -- operating
environment after him. Tim?

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

Thank you, Shankh. My comments today will focus on the third quarter 2020 results, performance of all
property segments in the quarter, our capital activity and finally, a balance sheet liquidity update. In the
third quarter, Welltower reported normalized FFO of $0.84 per diluted share, a $0.02 decline from the
second quarter, driven by $0.03 of dilution from dispositions completed in Q2 and Q3, a $0.01 negative
impact from changes in revenue recognition in our post-acute senior housing triple-net portfolios and a
slight decline in sequential senior housing operating performance. Those items were offset by tighter cost
controls at corporate and reduction in COVID-related expenses in our senior housing operating portfolio.
As a reminder, on the dilution type of dispositions, we had $2 billion of cash and cash equivalents,
inclusive 10/31 deposits as of 9/30.

Now turning to our Individual Property segment. First, our triple-net lease portfolios. As a reminder, our
triple-net lease portfolio covered in occupancy stats reported a quarter in arrears. So these statistics
reflect the trailing 12 months ending June 30, 2020 and therefore, only reflect a partial impact from
COVID-19. Across all triple-net lease segments, Welltower collected 98% of contractual rent due in the
third quarter.

Now starting with our senior housing triple-net portfolio. Same-store NOI declined 10 basis points year-
over-year. And higher bad debt accrual and a tough comp drove growth slightly negative. Combined
FFO impact of revenue recognition changes on one restructured lease in the quarter was $0.005 relative
to 2Q and expected to grow to a full penny in 4Q. i.e., another $0.005 impact sequentially from 3Q to
4Q. Occupancy was down 390 basis points sequentially and EBITDAR coverage decreased 0.02x on a
sequential basis to 1.02.

Consistent with my comments in the past, our senior housing triple-net operators have experienced the
same headwind server day operators over the past 7 months. You may expect reported lease coverage
starts -- stat that continue to reflect these challenges and more of the pandemic periods reflected in
EBITDA going forward. In the quarter, we also transitioned 5 of a planned 9 properties from Capital Senior
to StoryPoint Senior Living. We expect the other 4 properties to transition by the end of the year. This is
the first phase of the transition agreement we entered into with Capital Senior at the beginning of the
year. which allowed for an early termination of CSU's leases on 24 Welltower owned assets in exchange
for full year 2020 rent being paid in cooperation with transitioning the operations. Despite the challenging
environment, our team and our operators have been able to organize and execute transition plans with
StoryPoint transitions as well as the remaining 15 properties CSU currently operates, which will be
transitioned to 3 of our existing RIDEA operators in the fourth quarter. As a result of the COVID backdrop,
the initial expected dilution from conversion is expected to be approximately $12 million or $0.03 per
share in 2021 relative to rent recognized in 2020. As a reminder, since our Capital Senior rent continues to
be paid, the leases on these assets that have yet to be transitioned are reflected on our payment coverage
stratification presentation on Page 7 of our supplement and make up roughly 3/4 of the triple-net senior
housing rent that is less than 0.85x covered by EBITDA.

Although the last 7 months have been very challenging for the senior housing triple-net operators, the
sequential stabilization we observed in between the second and third quarter along with relief funds from
HHS to be received in the fourth quarter should help our operators find their footing heading into 2021.

Turning to long-term post-acute portfolio. We generated positive 2% year-over-year same-store growth
and EBITDAR coverage declined by 0.1x sequentially. As noted in our business update earlier this month
in the last night's release, Genesis HealthCare, which makes up approximately half of our long-term post-
acute segment exposure include language in the second quarter financials filed on August 10 regarding
its ability to continue as a going concern. As a result of this, Welltower began recording Genesis lease
revenue on a cash basis in the third quarter, retroactive to July 1. This had a negative $2.2 million impact
or approximately $0.005 FFO per share relative to second quarter 2020. This also resulted in the write-

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

down of $97 million of straight-line rent receivables. Genesis continues to remain current on all financial
obligations to Welltower through October. And lastly, within our Triple-Net lease segments, health systems,
which is comprised of our ProMedica Senior Care joint venture with ProMedica Health System. NOI growth
was positive 2.3% year-over-year, driven by a 2.75% increase during August and trailing 12-month
EBITDAR coverage was 2.6x. Turning to medical office. Our outpatient medical portfolio delivered positive
1% same-store growth. This below-trend growth was driven mainly by increased bad debt reserve,
majority of which related to lease enforcement moratoriums in several California jurisdictions in which
we have a sizable footprint. As these moratoriums expire, we expect rent collection to further improve.
We continue to see signs across our outpatient portfolio and activities returned to pre-COVID levels.
Evidenced by the number of tenant work order requests received, our tenant's own volume data and
Park and Lexington properties. In the quarter, Park and Lexington was still a slight headwind year-over-
year, but its negative contribution to NOI growth decreased to 10 basis points this quarter versus 70
basis points in the second quarter. During the quarter, we collected approximately 97% of contractual
rents and had an additional 2% of rents deferred, the majority of which are located in the aforementioned
jurisdictions with lease before the moratoriums. We also continue to have very strong rent collection in
deferral plans we put in place in April, May and June. Since we started clocking on these plans in June,
we've experienced 99.5% collection rates through September. As a reminder, the large majority of our
second quarter deferral plans were structured to pay back entirely by year-end.

Now turning to our senior housing operating portfolio. Before reviewing this quarter's senior housing
operating portfolio results, I want to briefly summarize the outlook provided back in August. At that time,
our expectations for the third quarter was that occupancy would be down between 125 and 175 basis
points from July 1 through September 30. And the REVPOR and total expenses would be flat sequentially.
We ended the quarter with occupancy down 150 basis points start to finish, REVPOR was down 40 basis
points, and expenses were down 3.4%.

Turning to results in the quarter. Same-store NOI decreased 27.3% as compared to the third quarter of
2019, driven largely by a 680 basis point year-over-year drop in average occupancy. As we indicated
last quarter, 2 factors drove this outside decline in occupancy. First, the portfolio began the third quarter
at significantly lower level of occupancy, following the steep drop experienced in the second quarter,
and continued to decline during the quarter, albeit at a significantly decelerated pace from 2Q. And
secondly, we experienced a seasonal increase in occupancy in the third quarter of 2019, creating a tougher
sequential comp.

REVPOR for the quarter was down 1% year-over-year, but I want to provide a bit more color here as mix
shift is distorted in the use of this metric as a proxy for rate growth. Over the last 2 quarters, our lower
acuity properties, active adult independent living, have held up considerably better on the occupancy
front than our higher acuity buildings. This has driven up the percentage of our total portfolio occupied
units that are lower acuity and therefore, lower rent paying units. This has had the mathematical effect
of averaging down our total portfolio of rent for occupied unit. If you break the portfolio into 2 buckets,
active adult independent living in one and assisted living and memory care in the other, you will see the
lower acuity bucket had a 20 basis point decrease in REVPOR year-over-year, while the higher acuity
bucket had a positive 1.4% year-over-year change. While we are seeing evidence of select discounting on
room rates in some of our markets, in general, rates continue to be fairly resilient in the face of occupancy
declines.

And lastly, show operating expenses. Same-store operating expenses declined 1.1% year-over-year
and declined 3.3% sequentially. We'll focus on sequential growth since the changes are more relevant
to trends in the current operating environment. We experienced fairly expected sequential expense
trends driven by 2 main items: lower compensation growth as operators adjusted their staffing to lower
occupancy levels and lower COVID expenses as same-store COVID expenses decreased from $33 million
to $15 million sequentially, driven by lower emergency staffing costs and significant reductions in price
per unit cost of PPE. We expect COVID-related costs to continue to decrease in the fourth quarter, but at a
much lower pace than in 3Q.

Looking forward to the fourth quarter and starting with October data we've already observed, we've
experienced a 30 basis point decline in occupancy to the week of October 23. And we expect to finish the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

fourth quarter approximately 75 to 125 basis points lower than where we ended in the third quarter. We
also expect both REVPOR and total expenses to be flat on sequential basis. Welltower did not include any
impact from HHS funds that may be received in the fourth quarter.

Now on to capital markets activity. In July, we completed a successful tender of $426 million of our 3.75%
and 3.95% Senior Notes due in 2023. Proceeds for the tender were generated from the June issuance
of $600 million in Senior Unsecured Notes bearing interest rate of 2.75% with maturity date of January
2031. We used the remaining proceeds to pay down $140 million of our term loan due in 2022. These
transactions both derisk near-term maturities through 2023 and increase our unsecured bond borrowings
weighted in average maturity to 9.2 years. Additionally, in the quarter, we repaid $289 million of secured
debt, of which $112 million was the fee and subsequently extinguished in October.

Moving to investment activity, which was mainly focused on our development pipeline with $96 million
invested this quarter. On the disposition front, we completed $1.4 billion of pro rata dispositions at a
5.3% cap rate. Post quarter end, we closed on a previously announced sale of a senior housing operating
portfolio for $200 million or $395,000 per unit. The sale prices -- the sale price represents a cap rate of
2.6% based on third quarter annualized NOI and a 4.9% cap rate on pre-COVID from March trailing 12-
month NOI. Inclusive of this disposition, we completed $3.3 billion dispositions year-to-date at a 5.4% cap
rate. We expect to close another $186 million of transactions in the fourth quarter comprised of secondary
tranches or [indiscernible] asset sales had previously executed outpatient medical transactions. The near-
term FFO impact from the completion of these intra and post-quarter dispositions will be approximately
$0.03 per share sequentially in the fourth quarter and will bring cash and cash equivalents to $2.4 billion
and total liquidity to $5.4 billion. We believe that the continued ability to execute dispositions of strong
pricing supports our view that our private cost of equity capital is substantially better than our public costs
at this time. While underlying cash flow continues to be impacted by a challenging backdrop, we ended
the quarter at 6.2x net debt to adjusted EBITDA, a 34 basis point decrease from last quarter as a result of
liquidity generated from successful dispositions in the quarter which have continued to bolster the balance
sheet. Adjusting for EBITDA loss to sales in the quarter and the post quarter on sales just mentioned, run
rate net debt-to-EBITDA is approximately 6.1x with $2.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents.

And with that, I will hand the call back over to Shankh.

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director
Thank you, Tim. Let me provide you some color on underlying trends of what's happening in the senior
housing business. Needless to say that we're very encouraged by the sequential stabilization of NOI in the
quarter. I would like to draw your attention to Slide 16 of our deck, which describes a significant sequential
improvement of movements. Last quarter, I talked about the hesitation of customers to move in after
they put a deposit on. As communities resumed visitation, we have seen a significant improvement in
this area, frankly, which was my biggest concern as described last quarter call. Let's take an example
of 5 very large operators, which constitute of national operators, large regional operators in Northeast,
West Coast and Sunbelt, a pretty diverse group. The average delay between deposit to move in during
October of last year was 19 days. In March of this year, it was 17 days. That increased to a whopping 41
days in June. We have seen a meaningful decrease every month in Q3. And finally, it is down to about 18
days in October. We are hearing from our AL focus partners that in many cases, this lag is now getting
shorter than pre-COVID days as families can no longer delay the care needs of their loved ones. No
portion were very encouraged by that. However, we are unwilling to project this moving trend as we are
in the middle of a third wave of COVID across the country. It will be a complete full hurry for us to predict
how things will play out in next few weeks and months before the COVID curve flattens out again. But
the experience of this accelerated move-in in the pace of move-ins tells you that our customers need our
product. They moved in as soon as they could. We have no ability to predict when we'll be on the other
side of the COVID. But we're optimistic when that day finally comes, our need-based product will likely to
see meaningful traction in demand. What bridges us between now and then is our fortress balance sheet
and what creates value between now and then is our ability to allocate capital to make outsized returns
for our owners. In this age of tolerance of information, it is sometimes hard to differentiate signals from
noise. It is important that we periodically take a step back and remind ourselves that stock is a fractional

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

ownership in a business and not a ticker. As managers of the business, we can assure you that our team
has never been more energized and excited about creating long-term value for our shareholders.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steve Sakwa from Evercore ISI.

Stephen Thomas Sakwa
Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division

I guess, Shankh, going back to Page 16, it's encouraging to see the move-ins. Could you talk maybe a
little bit more about leads and kind of where leads are? And I know you spoke a little bit about the time
from a lead to a move-in. But just what are you seeing specifically on that timetable as it relates to move-
ins?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

So Steve, leads have not been a problem even when we were here 90 days ago, leads have come back,
not completely to pre-COVID level but definitely on a year-over-year basis, but sequentially it has. And
it is even on a year-over-year basis, it's approaching pre-COVID level, maybe 10%, 15% still lower, but
we're definitely approaching the amount of leads and the quality leads, more importantly, in the system.
The issue has been that you obviously had a very good follow-through of how many people are doing --
either seeing the units whether virtually or physically and then getting to the deposit. That's what I talked
about the pressure on the sort of the front door, if you will. That has not been the issue. The issue has
been that the customer was hesitating after that, right? This is a purely an AL focus comment. We're still
seeing hesitation in the IL focus community where if you don't have a need, you're not -- you're taking
time to make a decision, right? I mean, with all the noise and then obviously, hopeful good news are on
vaccines, people are just taking time. I can't tell you why that is the case. But on the IL side, people are
taking the time.

On the AL side, we have faced that pressure on the front door, but that was not translating into the move-
in, that sale was not translating into the move-in, which we kind of described that. And since we said that,
we have seen some very significant improvement in that area. So that's what you're seeing in that rapid
pace of acceleration in that move-in and that continued even through last week.

Operator

I show our next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph from Citi.

Okay. I show our next question comes from the line of Rich Anderson from SMBC.

Richard Charles Anderson
SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Research Division

So just want to get in a little bit to the fourth quarter sequential occupancy numbers that you went
through. Okay. So down 100 basis points versus the third quarter, which is reasonable in perhaps a
seasonal environment, and you can comment on seasonality that would typically impact you. But I'm
curious how would 100 basis points compare to your pre-COVID history. Is this a fairly typical change in
occupancy? Or is it still being impacted in your view by the unique environment we're in?

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

I'll start with that, Rich. It's higher than we usually see. You typically see kind of a 50 basis point decrease
over -- that stretches from 4Q to 1Q, but over a typical seasonality of occupancy, you'll see 50 basis points
lost over kind of the fourth quarter and first quarter. So this is higher than that. And I think speaking
about the seasonality is important because it adds some uncertainty to the number, which is factored
in now looking at the fourth quarter. We've talked about this a bit in it's -- at this point, in some ways,
it's the best hypothesis and that we won't see as much of a seasonal change in demand just due to the
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

disruption we've seen in this demand during the year. And so seasonality, there's 2 things that drives
seasonality, right? There's a change in seasonal demand and there's also the impact of the flu. I think data
is very supportive to flu. And at this point, won't play a large role in the typical seasonality we see. And on
the demand side, we don't necessarily think that the typical demand changes we see will play a role. But
the 100 basis points is really just due to the COVID environment what we've seen so far in the quarter.
And certainly, when I say COVID environment, it's really the national picture, the acceleration in cases.
And this is adding a bit of uncertainty to what the outlook is for the next 2 or 3 months.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Vikram Malhotra from Morgan Stanley.

Vikram Malhotra
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Shankh, congrats on taking the leadership and congrats to the whole team. I know you guys put a lot of
hard work. Just maybe building or digging into 16 a little bit, you've seen the acceleration, like you pointed
out in the lead conversion that -- the time lines narrowing. I'm just wondering if you described sort of
second or third wave or -- is hard to categorize now. But can you sort of comment on this decline in timing
and the leads in markets where you've really seen a true second and a true third wave versus markets
where we're just seeing sort of a new wave. In other words, like is this more kind of uniform? Are you
seeing real dispersion in markets?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

We are -- that's a really good question, Vikram. We're actually not seeing a lot of dispersion in markets
per se. There's a huge dispersion from a product-type perspective, right? So you were seeing whether in
the West Coast or East Coast or Texas or you pick your market, if you have a need-driven product, the
customer's willingness to make a decision is significantly higher. And frankly, we are hearing from some
of our partners that, that is even accelerated relative to even pre-COVID levels. But in case of where you
have a lifestyle-driven product where somebody wants to be in that environment, but doesn't have to be,
you are still seeing self-hesitation. So it's not market-driven. It is definitely a product-driven phenomena.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nick Joseph from Citi.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

It's Michael Bilerman. Can you hear me now?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

Yes.

Michael Jason Bilerman
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Awesome. So Shankh, congrats again on the CEO role. How do you see your leadership style and approach
both similar but also different than Tom? And maybe secondarily, Tom, obviously, was highly visible within
the industry as well as globally going to Davos and other events. I guess how do you see yourself doing
that? And is that going to be part of your approach as well as CEO of Welltower?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

That's a very good question. So I will tell you, look, as you guys know, that Tom has trained me for the
job over many years and definitely I've been very influenced by how he saw the world. The first and

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

foremost, he had taught us and that sort of ingrained in my leadership style as well as a lot of other
people in our leadership team is to take that what we can do more from this smartphone, not just think
about disparate aggregation of assets, but thinking through platform, right? And the importance of being
on the bleeding edge of healthcare and wellness trends, and that will continue to happen. I'm very much
focused on execution, very much focused on per share value creation. And that's what the team is and
capital allocation. So it's -- everybody's leadership style is different and advanced. I would -- obviously,
it is less important on the difference between Tom's leadership style and my leadership style, I will tell
you, that it is collectively at the leadership team, we see our biggest focus today is to increase the value
per share, execute. And obviously, there's a tremendous amount of potential for us to get back to our
lost earnings, not just to the pre-COVID level. As you imagine, we have talked about even pre-COVID,
our portfolio was underleased and get back to that and create that value through execution and capital
allocation, and that's what we are focused on today.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Bernstein from Capital One.

Daniel Marc Bernstein
Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division

I just wanted to ask a little bit more about the other side of the equation on move-outs and just
understand maybe why residents are moving out if you have that information at this point? Is it pent-up
move-outs, AL to SNFs that you've seen higher acuity, families taking residency out before the winter, any
change in length of stay? Just trying to understand that other side of the equation for move-ins.

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

Dan, you asked a very interesting question. If you think about move-outs, move-outs have come down
pretty much across the board for over the last 7, 8 months to COVID. Last couple of weeks, I would say
that we have seen some increased move-outs. It's hard to say why that is the case because it's too short
of a time frame to make this as a trend. But it is also the most difficult part of our business to predict,
right? It is all of the above of what you mentioned as reason for move out. We don't see financial reasons
for move out in our industry. But we have seen some elevated move-outs for last couple of weeks. We
also saw some reduced move-outs few weeks before that, right? This is a very, very hard business to
predict on a weekly basis, monthly basis. So I think it is hard for us to sort of get into that and see what's
the trend and what's not, you could take last 4 weeks and say the first 2 weeks is that you wanted to
have an optimistic bend, and you could have said that I will take that move-out trends and move-in
trends on project or you could have taken the last 2 weeks of elevated move-out trends and project
forward, and there's no right and wrong answer. We have just done the latter part, not the first part, we
could be wrong. And things can turn out to be better than we thought. But as we sit here today, with the
uncertainty that we see overall with the national COVID environment, I think it's prudent for us to, at this
point, not to try to get to too excited about what might or might not happen.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Juan Sanabria from BMO Capital Markets.

Juan Carlos Sanabria
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Shankh, I just wanted to follow up with one of your points at the end there where you talked about
conversions of people putting down money to actually coming in to the communities and that kind of
compresses back to kind of pre-COVID levels. Does that mean potentially that once COVID passes that
you don't have kind of deferred demand, I guess, particularly on the AL side that would be coming in
the door kind of post COVID, whenever that may be, first or second quarter, that's kind of deferred the
decision and now is ready to come in if those leads and deposits are converting today?

Shankh Mitra

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

No, Juan. It simply means that the customers need our product, right? So what has been going on is with
all the national headlines and all the COVID in the overall situations, people were hesitating. Now we
obviously have a need that's sort of adding up. And now the customers are saying, well, they can move
in again. We're not projecting that into the future, right? That's a very important point. If we did, then we
would not give you the guidance for fourth quarter that we did. But very [indiscernible] thinking that very
simply the customer has moved in when they could. Now if COVID spikes up again and they can because
you have visitation bands or you have shutdown of facilities and all of those things, that you will see that.
But most importantly, they moved in when they can, I was simply answering the question on the need-
driven nature of our product and the secular demand of the product. COVID will eventually be behind us.
And the demand of the product hasn't changed through this period of time.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Connor Siversky from Berenberg.

Connor Serge Siversky
Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG, Research Division

Just a quick one on testing capacity. Among your peers at the last round of earnings, it still seems like
point-of-care test were in short supply. So I'm just wondering how this dynamic has improved at all? And
then given some news on the vaccination front, what are the goals in terms of testing if we're taking a 6-
or 12-month view?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

We have -- Connor, we have made a very significant improvement even in the last 90 days on point-of-
care testing. We tested over 200,000 employees and residents and that continues to progress. We got
some very significant improvement, I would say, in the last 45 days in that particular area, a point of -- in
the testing side. But it's very -- it's too premature to say how that will impact the consumer behavior and
the ability to move in people. We think it will improve. But again, given the overall uncertain environment,
it is too early for us to comment.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Derek Johnston from Deutsche Bank.

Derek Charles Johnston
Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division

Congrats Shankh. I was hoping to get a sense of the legacy RIDEA contracts that were embedded in the
show dispositions during 3Q. And if the majority were actually legacy structures. I believe heading into
2020, you had 80% of our operators converted to what is seemingly a more favorable RIDEA 3.0 contract?
And I guess the second part of the question is where would that percentage stand today?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

Thank you, Derek. I don't have the number percentage for you, but I can tell you that both of what was --
the 2 portfolios were sold. They were not in RIDEA 3.0 contracts. So your fundamental assumption will be
correct.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Lukas Hartwich from Green Street.

Lukas Michael Hartwich
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Thanks for the color on that earlier. It was really helpful. I was hoping if you could dive a bit below the
surface and describe what you're seeing with base rents versus concessions, things like that?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

Lukas, can you repeat the question please one more time?

Lukas Michael Hartwich
Green Street Advisors, LLC, Research Division

Sure. So I was curious on the REVPOR front, if you could dive a little bit deeper on what you're seeing with
face rents versus concessions? What's kind of driving the headline REVPOR number? The color around the
mix shift was helpful. I'm just curious what's going on with face rents and concessions?

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

So I think from the numbers we're seeing and what we're seeing in the market is we're not seeing a lot
of evidence of concessions. I think as Shankh spoke to you probably seeing more on the lower acuity side
as far as -- just of what we're seeing in the market, as far as -- because of the lack -- the difference in
the kind of needs-based aspect of it that there is a little bit more of a consumer discretionary good. And
therefore, you're seeing a bit more of that, I'd say, in the front end whereas on the assisted living side,
you're seeing very little of it. We've talked about this a bit, community fees, which typically align with
when you move in and are both kind of cover costs to move in as well as having -- testing, et cetera,
to get your acuity level of care. So you're seeing some discounting of those. And so we've said the
combination of community fees coming through REVPOR is that you have less people moving in on a year-
over-year basis. So you're seeing kind of community fees in total come down and also you're seeing some
discounting. But in assisted living, importantly, you will start seeing discounting in care and more of the
residents we're seeing coming in they're coming in because of the care. And so there isn't a lot of price
competition there. Reputation is a huge factor. You saw some competition in general in the market, there
is a supply cycle over the last couple of years impact pricing. I'd say in the COVID environment, you're
actually seeing a bit of that dissipate because more of the consumer residents are being attracted towards
the better brand names and more well-known names in the market. So assisted living pricing is holding
up, I'd say, pretty well as said in the opening remarks given the steepness of the occupancy declines.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Michael Carroll from RBC Capital Markets.

Michael Albert Carroll
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Shankh, I was hoping you can provide some color on the investment pipeline and the types of deals that
you've been able to source. I guess part of market valuations appear to have held up well, especially given
Welltower's recent sales, I guess, this past several months. I mean, what is or or is there a difference
between the assets that you sold versus the deals that are in your pipeline that you're being able to
source at much below replacement costs?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

There is. So if you think about in today's marketplace, pay, if you take a very simple view of what gets you
financing is you got to check 3 boxes, pretty assets, pretty market, most importantly, a very well-known,
well-reputed operators, right? If you can check all those 3 boxes, it will be very hard, if not impossible for
you to line up financing. And that gets you to everything else outside that. We talked about this on the
last call. We are bringing our operators into assets. So these assets will become financeable. But today, it's
not. Many of these assets were built in the last 2, 3 years, so they don't have a stabilized 2019 NOI that a
lender can underwrite, right? So a lot of things we're buying, brand-new assets that have been built last 2
to 3 years, does not fit that criteria. So those are the ones that we are going. Interestingly, if you see that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

in real estate over a period of time for apples-to-apples, newer asset trades for higher price than lower
price, just purely the difference of CapEx that's relative to vintage, right? Given what is happening today
in the marketplace, you are seeing exactly opposite that. New assets are trading at a discount purely
because they can't get financing because they don't have a stabilized NOI for a lender to underwrite.
And that's where we are coming in to buy things for cash. So we don't obviously put financing in, we buy
assets for cash. And that's what is bringing in our operators, all these assets are obviously owned by other
capital partners of our existing operators and we're buying this asset. So there is no difference. So if you
think about what we sold, that checks all the 3 boxes, pretty assets, pretty market and very experienced
and well-known, well-reputed operator.

You miss one of those checks, it comes back to pretty much very, very few buyers in the marketplace and
all tariffs and most dominant one.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Steven Valiquette from Barclays.

Steven James Valiquette
Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division

Great. Shankh, let me offer my congrats on your promotion as well. And your -- actually, the comments
you had on the call regarding the portfolio buying and selling was definitely helpful. One of the lines in
our model that really sticks out is the gain on sale of properties with some $3 billion recognized over the
last 5 years or so. So that's been now lost upon us. The question I really have, though, is just related
to your comments on the lower expenses in the SHOP portfolio, particularly in the lower PPE, where you
said the price per unit costs are now weighed down. Just curious how much you think that trend is more
of an industry phenomenon versus how much Welltower maybe driving a better-than-average trend on
that either due to some of the initiatives like the Dallas Procurement Center and other stuff that's more
company specific?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

Yes, good question, Steve. I'd say on the -- we actually have worn down a lot of the activity that we had in
the Dallas Procurement Center. That was very important to operations when -- to our operators' operations
early on in the March and April period when the only way to access PPE or one of the only ways to kind
of guarantee access to it was through scale. And I think as we've seen distribution channels normalize
and they're still not back to where they would be pre-COVID. But as you've seen them normalize, our
operators have been able to access PPE themselves and instances really happened, we've stepped in to
help. But for the most part, that's going direct from operators to providers of PPE. And so I think in saying
that the pricing is more, I'm just seeing a bit of a normalization from -- if you look at mass prices where
some have uppers of $8 and things are retailing $0.80 to $1.10 in a normal environment. And they're still
elevated even today. But if they're in the $3 to $4 range, it's come down significantly from what we're
paying on average in the second quarter.

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

I would just add some commentary to the first part of your question, which is I want you to understand
that we're not trying to buy and sell assets like trade assets. That's not our goal. We are -- obviously,
when we see how to finance the transaction, we're very -- we're trying to always think about what our
sources of capital will be, right? Sometimes that could be stock at some point in the cycle, some point that
could be the equity that's trapped into the asset that you think you have maximized under your sort of
umbrella, right? So we have alluded to this before that the huge amount of portfolio transformation which
I believe sort of amounts to close to $30 billion of asset disposition and acquisition over the last 5 years,
is roughly complete. However, we have seen that the propensity of companies to continue to grow and
that is not inside Welltower, right? We're always trying to think how we maximize value per share for the
continuing shareholder, right? You can say the one good thing will be when your stock in the right place,
just continue to sell your stock instead of selling your assets and that would be the correct approach if you
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

just look at capital allocation from the lens of spot NAV. I told you that's not how we see the world, right?
We see the world from the perspective of long-term IRR of what you're selling versus what what you're
buying and look at a comprehensive way of what your tools, the sort of sources and uses of capitals are.
So we'll continue to do that.

But the overall transformation of the portfolio that we wanted to do, that Tom started, I would say we're
roughly close to being done, but that doesn't mean that we'll not sell assets. We'll continue to sell assets if
we think that is the best source of capital to fund what we are buying.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Omotayo Okusanya from Mizuho.

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

First question, just around government-aided senior housing. Again, we've kind of had this first round
and you guys are getting close to even 4Q. But I think clearly, everyone thinks that's not enough. I mean,
what's the viewpoint that you have internally of just what the government still has to do or what you
would like to see the government do in regards to help for the industry to kind of stabilize things?

Timothy G. McHugh
Executive VP & CFO

Yes. I'll start with that. We don't have an internal view of what we'd like to see the government do. I think
it's been very beneficial to our operators, I have seen step in with the first tranche that they provided
through HHS and there's a second tranche that's currently being contemplated and I think open for
application. It's more performance-based, the first one, which is more based on 2019 revenue. And -- but
as far as kind of further funds from HHS, management doesn't have an internal view. Part of the reason
why we've acted the way we have as far as building our balance sheet and continuing to strengthen our
capital position is that we're not relying on the duration of the pandemic or the government taking a view
on funds to the industry.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Nick Yulico from Scotiabank.

Nicholas Philip Yulico
Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division

Just a question on the move-ins. I know you guys pointed to Slide 16, which is showing the move-ins
coming back versus February -- being indexed to February. And I guess I'm wondering though why is
February the appropriate month to be comparing to? I mean, isn't February the dead of winter, kind of a
slower move-in time? Isn't the more relevant metric that your move-ins are down 39% from a year ago?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

We do think that's a relevant metric. That's why we put out in our slide deck. However, as far as we
understand, if you think about the business, the February marks the last month of pre-COVID, right? So
we're trying to understand the business trends, how that has changed through COVID. So putting out last
-- year-over-year is not a function of just what's happening today. It's also a function of what happened
last year. All of us on this call know what happened last year at this point is fairly irrelevant given how
COVID has changed our business, right? But we do think that the point that you're making, which is the
year-over-year decline is an important one, and that's why we put it in board face on our slide deck.

Operator

I show our last question comes from the line of Mike Mueller from JPMorgan.

Michael William Mueller

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just 2 quick ones here. Number one, should we think of all near-term acquisitions is pretty much entirely
being focused on senior housing? And then second, can you update us on the progress at the 56th Street
project that opened recently?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

So let me answer both of those 2 questions. Our near-term acquisition pipeline is primarily focused on
senior housing. We have a couple of smaller MOB deals in the pipeline. However, it's primarily focused on
senior housing because that's where we see the significant disruption on the pricing side. MOBs are not
priced for distress, and we see -- for the marginal use of the capital, we see significantly higher -- bigger
opportunity on the senior housing side. And the East 56 Street, we're still waiting for our license as state
seems to be opening up again for licensure. So when we get the licensure, then we'll open the buildings
for residents.

Operator

We have a follow-up from Jordan Sadler from KeyBanc.

Jordan Sadler
KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division

And congratulations, Shank. So I wanted to ask you, and I might have missed this because I dropped
for a second off the call. The -- but I had a question about sort of the market in general, right? I mean,
I appreciate your commentary, and I know this has been your cadence about sort of buying low, selling
high, essentially very focused on capital allocation. What do you -- how would you characterize the
market for seniors housing right now? In other words, supply of assets versus demand? I mean, are we
in equilibrium? Are people better to buy or better to sell? Is it tough to source stuff, easy to sell our stuff?
How would you sort of characterize that?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

That's a great question, Jordan. And it's a tale of 2 cities. If you have, as I described previously, pretty
assets, pretty markets, and most importantly, experienced operator and a stabilized 2019 NOI base that
a lender can underwrite, you cannot -- it is a feeding frenzy. You cannot have enough assets for capital
to buy because everybody -- private capital is not focused on what's going to be the occupancy from
fourth quarter, right? They're focused on what's coming for next 3-year, 5-year, 10-year, 15-year and the
opportunity to make generational return given where we are from an industry perspective, the demand
side of the equation. So that sort of -- you have one side. On the other side, the finance misses one of
those -- one or more of those checks that I talked about, then you cannot finance those transactions
today. And because of that, usually, transactions like that has been financed in the bank side of the house
rather than life companies or agencies unstabilized assets. And banks are obviously not lending in the
space today anywhere close to where they were. I don't want -- I almost would venture, I guess, to say
they're not lending at all other than like couple of select circumstances. So you have a tale of city -- 2
cities on those kind of assets, which are not financeable because of the -- you didn't check all the 3 boxes
that I talked about. There's almost no bid for that because we have to buy those assets for cash. And
there, we are a very significant buyer. As you know, we buy assets, we buy everything for cash, right?
And so we're finding tremendous opportunity on that. And frankly, as I described previously, we're finding
many of these assets you can buy brand-new assets at a significantly lower price than the order assets
purely because of all the margin building activity that has happened in our industry from, call it, '16, '17
to '18, '19, and those assets are, in many cases, are not financeable, and we're finding tremendous risk
adjusted return bringing our operators and our data capabilities and filling those assets out, that you will
see in the next few years.

Operator

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

I show our last question and follow-up comes from Omotayo Okusanya from Mizuho.

Omotayo Tejamude Okusanya
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division

Just another quick one. Is there any pressure to kind of ramp up acquisition activity in a world where you
have Biden win and he kind of eliminates the 1031 exchanges? How does that kind of change how you
think about deals going forward?

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

There is only one pressure of buying things in our shop, and that's price. We're not trying to fight assets
exactly at the bottom regardless of outcome of election. It is possible that you will see asset prices are
lower in 3 months than it is today. But again, if you think about the scale and scope of our balance sheet
of how much value we want to create for our shareholders, if the asset prices go down, we'll buy more. So
there is no pressure other than price. And we can tell you at Welltower, we're salivating on the prices that
we see today in the marketplace.

Operator

I do show we have a question -- I show no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the call over to
management.

Shankh Mitra
CEO, Chief Investment Officer & Director

Thank you very much. We'll see you in another 90 days. Thank you.

Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now
disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WELLTOWER INC. FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 29, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

