Weyerhaeuser Company NYSE:WY
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, October 30, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.46

0.52

13.04

0.30

1.04

0.93

Revenue  (mm)

2120.51

2110.00

(0.50 %)

1809.22

7212.05

7072.01

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-30-2020 11:45 AM GMT

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

0.05

0.13

0.01

0.46

0.03

0.18

0.11

0.52

SURPRISE

(40.00 %)

38.46 %

1000.00 %

13.04 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Elizabeth L. Baum
Vice President, Investor Relations
& Enterprise Planning

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Buck Horne
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

George Leon Staphos
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Paul C. Quinn
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Greetings, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator
Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce Beth Baum, Vice President of Investor Relations and Enterprise
Planning. Thank you, Ms. Baum. You may begin.

Elizabeth L. Baum
Vice President, Investor Relations & Enterprise Planning

Thank you, Rob. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's
third quarter 2020 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release
and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in
our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking
statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call.

We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings
materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell
Hagen, Chief Financial Officer.

I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is well
and staying healthy. This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter results, reinitiated a quarterly
cash dividend and announced a new dividend framework, consisting of a base dividend plus a variable
supplemental dividend.

I will begin by highlighting our third quarter results and then turn my focus to the dividend reinitiation.
Weyerhaeuser reported third quarter GAAP earnings of $283 million or $0.38 per diluted share on net
sales of $2.1 billion. Excluding net charges of $103 million for special items, we generated earnings of
$386 million or $0.52 per diluted share.

Adjusted EBITDA totaled $745 million in the third quarter, this is 93% higher than the second quarter
and over 140% higher than a year ago. Each of our businesses delivered outstanding operational
and financial results despite disruptions caused by severe storms in the U.S. South, extreme fires
in the Pacific Northwest, and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. This strong operational and financial
performance enabled us to deliver the highest operational cash flow since 2006 and take additional steps
to meaningfully strengthen our financial position.

I'll begin the discussion of our results with a few brief comments on the continued improvement in the
housing market. U.S. housing activity rebounded sharply in the third quarter, supported by a growing
preference for larger single-family homes in less urban areas. Total housing starts averaged over $1.4
million for the third quarter, an improvement of 33% over the second quarter. Single-family housing starts
accelerated even more sharply, averaging over 1 million units for the quarter and reaching the highest
levels since 2007.

On a seasonally adjusted basis, third quarter single-family starts improved by over 35% compared with
the second quarter and over 15% compared with the third quarter of 2019. We are seeing similar levels of
improvement in key leading indicators. Single-family permits and new home sales increased nearly 40%
compared with the second quarter, and were up approximately 20% and 40% year-over-year, respectively.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Single-family permits in September reached the highest rate since 2007, and builder confidence has
reached all-time highs for 2 consecutive months. Repair and remodel activity has also remained robust,
supported by do-it-yourself and professional activity and the remodeling industry's confidence has
continued to increase. Several other fundamental factors also support a continued strong outlook for
residential construction, including historically low mortgage rates, demographic tailwinds and an aging
housing stock.

Clearly, there remains room for caution, especially as it pertains to U.S. unemployment, the outlook for
additional government stimulus and the risk of further COVID-19 related disruptions as we approach the
winter months. However, we are increasingly confident that the recent strength in U.S. housing and the
repair and remodel segment will continue, notwithstanding ongoing macroeconomic headwinds.

Turning now to our third quarter business results, starting with Timberlands on Pages 6 through 8 of
our earnings slide. Timberlands EBITDA decreased by $10 million compared with the second quarter,
and earnings decreased by $86 million due to an $80 million noncash timber casualty loss for Oregon
fire damage. The 2020 fire season in the Pacific Northwest was one of the most extreme that we have
experienced in many years.

In early September, highly unusual weather conditions transformed fire activity in the state of Oregon
from minimal to highly destructive in a few short days. Our thoughts are with everyone affected by this
disaster, and I want to acknowledge all of the firefighters, first responders, government and industry
partners as well as our Weyerhaeuser employees, for their extraordinary work to save lives, protect
property and contain the fires.

As we previously disclosed, these wildfires spread onto our Oregon Timberlands, affecting approximately
125,000 acres to some extent. The magnitude of the damage to timber varies based on topography, age
of the timber and many other factors. We have commenced salvage operations to maximize the value
of the damaged timber, and Russell will discuss that more in a few minutes. The noncash charge we
recorded in the quarter represents the estimated book value of the timber and related assets that cannot
be salvaged based on information available at this time.

Moving on to our third quarter operating performance. Western Timberlands EBITDA decreased by $1
million compared with the second quarter. In the western domestic market, demand was strong and
pricing improved throughout the quarter as mills sought to take full advantage of record lumber prices.
Log supply tightened abruptly in the second half of the quarter, particularly in Oregon, where wildfire shut
down harvest operations in most of the state for several weeks.

Our fee harvest volume decreased 15% compared with the second quarter as we lost 10 harvest days in
Oregon and 4 days in Washington due to fire restrictions. As harvest operations resumed, our teams did
a phenomenal job of managing the operational complexity of coordinating multiple firefighting efforts,
while at the same time, rescheduling harvest operations and safely optimizing the deployment of dozens
of logging and trucking crews to continue serving our customers. This includes our own mills, where we
were able to leverage our integrated model and operational agility to ensure our western mills did not lose
a single shift due to out of log downtime.

Turning to our export markets. In Japan, demand for our logs was soft early in the quarter due to
continued slow housing activity and incremental effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Demand improved as
the quarter progressed as Japan housing activity improved modestly and U.S. log availability was reduced
by strong domestic lumber markets and western fire activity.

In China, average realizations were flat with the second quarter, and demand was solid. However,
our sales volumes to China decreased significantly as we flexed volume to more profitable domestic
opportunities.

Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands adjusted EBITDA decreased $8 million compared with the
second quarter. Fee harvest volumes declined by 5% compared with the second quarter as we continued
to implement the previously announced 10% reduction in full year Southern harvest volumes.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Although, the U.S. South experienced multiple hurricanes and tropical storms during the quarter, we
incurred very minimal damage and lost almost no production days as we redeployed harvest crews to
alternative parcels. Average log sales realizations were comparable to the second quarter. The Southern
sawlog market experienced downward pressure in the quarter as favorable summertime logging conditions
resulted in abundant wood supply.

However, our average sawlog realizations improved slightly due to marketing and merchandising efforts
associated with our operational excellence initiatives. This improvement, however, was offset by lower
fiber log realizations in the quarter.

In Northern Timberlands, adjusted EBITDA improved by $1 million compared with the second quarter
due to seasonally higher harvest volumes as we exited spring breakup. Real estate, energy and natural
resources, Pages 9 and 10. Real estate and ENR adjusted EBITDA increased by $3 million compared with
the second quarter, but earnings decreased slightly due to a higher average land basis on the mix of
properties sold.

Real estate sales increased slightly from the second quarter as an increase in the number of acres sold
was largely offset by lower average price per acre due to mix. Third quarter again included some sale
of low productivity acreage in Southern Oregon that we acquired with the Plum Creek merger. Results
from energy and natural resources were slightly higher than the second quarter due to seasonally higher
production of construction materials.

Wood products, Pages 11 and 12. Wood products delivered its strongest quarterly performance ever,
contributing $566 million to third quarter earnings and $615 million to adjusted EBITDA. This exceeds the
previous record EBITDA attained in 2018 by almost 60%. Our lumber, OSB and distribution businesses
all delivered the highest quarterly results on record, and engineered wood products achieved record third
quarter results.

Although these results were enabled by historic increases in commodity prices, that would not have
happened without continued strong operational performance across the business. Through hurricanes
and tropical storms in the South, extreme fire activity in the West and the ongoing impacts of the global
pandemic, our teams have continued to deliver outstanding operating results and maintain record low
controllable costs across multiple product lines. In the third quarter, demand vastly outstripped supply
in virtually all of our product lines, driven by strong new residential construction and repair and remodel
activity.

With inventories lean across the channel, benchmark pricing for lumber and oriented strand board
escalated rapidly until mid-September. Customers began to purchase more deliberately late in the quarter,
particularly for lumber as repair and remodel activity began to show some signs of a seasonal slowdown.
However, order files remained extended for most products as the quarter closed, especially OSB and
engineered wood products.

In lumber, adjusted EBITDA was $260 million higher than the second quarter, as a 54% increase in
average sales realizations was slightly offset by higher Western log costs. We incurred a small amount of
weather-related downtime in the quarter due to wildfire smoke in the West and hurricanes in the South.

In OSB, adjusted EBITDA increased by $119 million due to a 65% increase in average sales realizations
and slightly lower manufacturing costs. Adjusted EBITDA for engineered wood products increased by $16
million. Sales volumes for solid section and I-joist products increased by 21%, and unit manufacturing
costs improved slightly. These improvements were partially offset by higher raw material costs for oriented
strand board web stock.

In distribution, adjusted EBITDA was $24 million higher than the second quarter. This is attributable to
improved sales volumes and higher margins, including operational excellence initiatives.

Turning briefly to operational excellence. Through 3 quarters, we've made excellent progress against our
$50 million to $70 million full year OpEx goal, and I'm confident we will achieve this target by year-end.
I'm extremely proud of our teams for their continued focus and dedication to achieving our OpEx goals
despite the disruptions caused by the pandemic and recent natural disasters.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Let me now turn to capital allocation and the reinitiation of our quarterly dividend, Pages 14 to 16. We
remain firmly committed to returning cash to shareholders as part of our balanced capital allocation
philosophy. Early in the pandemic, we made the difficult decision to suspend our quarterly dividend to
preserve financial flexibility.

Since May, the Board has regularly reviewed opportunities to reinitiate an appropriate quarterly dividend.
This review has taken into account a number of considerations, including our market conditions, the
broader macroeconomic environment, the desire for dividend framework that will drive long-term
shareholder value across market cycles.

Over the past several months, demand for housing and wood products has proven resilient, even as
macroeconomic headwinds continue. Our businesses have delivered strong operating and financial results
through an unprecedented range of market conditions, and our outlook on the near-term business climate
has improved markedly since late spring.

Additionally, as Russell will discuss in more detail, we have taken a number of actions to significantly
reduce leverage and strengthen our balance sheet. Accordingly, we are reinitiating a quarterly cash
dividend. We are also adjusting our dividend framework to ensure that the dividend and our overall
approach for returning cash to shareholders are both sustainable and appropriate for the company's
portfolio and the cash flow that we generate from our businesses across market cycles.

In this framework, we are targeting an annual payout of 75% to 80% of adjusted funds available for
distribution. This is comparable to the targets communicated as part of our prior dividend framework, and
underscores our commitment to returning a significant portion of our free cash flow back to shareholders.

Going forward, however, our new dividend framework will include 2 components: we will pay a sustainable
quarterly base cash dividend; and each year, we will supplement that base dividend with an additional
return of cash as needed to achieve the targeted 75% to 80% of adjusted FAD.

We believe this new dividend framework will enhance our ability to return meaningful and appropriate
amounts of cash to our shareholders across a variety of market conditions, while positioning
Weyerhaeuser to deliver superior long-term value creation. The sustainable base dividend remains our
core mechanism for returning cash. We are reinitiating this quarterly cash dividend at $0.17 per share.

This base dividend payment, which totals approximately $127 million per quarter, is supported by the cash
flow from our timberlands, real estate and ENR segments. We intend to grow this payment sustainably
over time as segment cash flows increase. The second component of our dividend framework is a variable
supplemental dividend. This will generally be an annual payment declared and paid in the first quarter
based on cash flow generated during the prior fiscal year. We will apply this new supplemental dividend
framework to our 2021 results. And accordingly, we currently expect the first supplemental dividend will
be paid in the first quarter of 2022 based on full year 2021 adjusted FAD.

We expect the supplemental dividend will be our primary tool for returning cash above and beyond the
base dividend to achieve our targeted annual payout. However, we may also utilize opportunistic share
repurchase to return cash under certain circumstances.

Page 16 shows our adjusted FAD and adjusted EBITDA back to 2017 when our current portfolio was
established. Timberland's real estate and ENR results have been relatively stable over time, while earnings
for our Wood Products business have fluctuated with lumber and oriented strand board pricing.

The 2-part, base plus variable supplemental dividend framework will enable our shareholders to more fully
benefit from the mix of cash flow profiles generated by our businesses. Shareholders will receive a stable
income stream that is fully supported, even in adverse market conditions, and they will also benefit from
significant upside in strong commodity markets through the variable dividend component.

The remainder of our cash generation, that is the cash in excess of our base and supplemental dividends
will be deployed consistent with our stated priorities for opportunistic allocation. These priorities include
value-enhancing growth opportunities, liability management and opportunistic share repurchase. We are

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

committed to allocating this excess cash in a disciplined manner to grow our base dividend and drive
superior long-term shareholder value.

I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss financial items and our fourth quarter outlook.

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Devin, and good morning. I'll begin with our key financial items, which are summarized on Page
17. Cash from operations during the third quarter was $608 million, our highest operating cash flow since
the fourth quarter of 2006. We used a significant portion of this cash to strengthen our balance sheet by
redeeming some of our 2023 debt maturities.

We ended the quarter with approximately $6 billion of total debt outstanding and strong liquidity, including
a cash balance of $787 million and the full $1.5 billion capacity available on our revolver. Page 18
highlights actions we have taken to reduce our gross debt balance.

During the third quarter, we redeemed $325 million, 3.25% notes that were due March 2023. We incurred
a $23 million charge on the early extinguishment, which is included in our results as a special item. Earlier
this week, we submitted notice that we will be redeeming in mid-December, our $500 million 4.625%
notes due September 2023.

Following this repayment, our gross debt will be approximately $5.5 billion. We will have reduced our
total debt by nearly $900 million since 2019 year-end. We have also significantly reduced our net debt-to-
adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio, improving it by approximately 2 turns from the high of 4.9x at the end of
2019 to 2.9x at the end of the third quarter. Our leverage ratio now sits comfortably below our target of
3.5x net debt-to-adjusted EBITDA over the cycle.

As previously indicated, we have cash earmarked to repay our $150 million 9% note when it matures in
the fourth quarter of 2021. Today, we are operating from a strong financial position. And with the progress
we have made on our debt reductions, particularly the 2023 maturities, we've reduced leverage to a level
that we believe is appropriate and sustainable for the company over the cycle and supports our solid
investment-grade profile.

Turning now to key outlook items for the fourth quarter, which are summarized on Page 19. In our
Timberlands business, fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA is expected to increase by approximately $20
million compared to the third quarter. In our Western Timberlands operations, we expect our fourth
quarter domestic log sales volumes and domestic average sales realizations to be moderately higher
than the third quarter. Log demand in the West remains favorable due to strong lumber markets, and log
inventories at domestic mills ended the third quarter on the lower end of the normal levels as log supply
was restricted due to the extreme wildfire activity in September.

This has resulted in improved pricing during the month of October. We expect market tension to moderate
during the quarter as log supply improves and mills replenish inventories. We anticipate fourth quarter fee
harvest volumes will be higher than the third quarter as we resume harvest operations following the third
quarter fire restrictions and begin to prioritize our salvage activity on affected timberlands in Oregon.

We are experiencing little downgrade in the quality of the salvage logs delivered to our customers. And we
do not expect pricing for the salvage logs will negatively affect our fourth quarter realizations. Unit log and
haul costs will increase modestly compared to the third quarter. The salvage activity will result in lower
productivity and increased hauling distance to market.

We currently expect to complete a majority of our salvage operations over the next 12 to 18 months and
will recover a significant portion of the merchantable timber value. Although additional work is needed
to determine the impact on our operations going forward, our preliminary expectation is that our 2021
Western harvest volume will be roughly comparable to 2020 as we redeploy our current logging capacity
into salvage activity. We'll provide you an update on our year-end earnings call.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Moving to the export markets. In Japan, housing starts improved modestly in the third quarter. Demand
for our logs has strengthened slightly. We expect fourth quarter sales volumes and realizations will
increase compared to the third quarter. Chinese export log realizations are expected to be comparable in
the fourth quarter. Log sales volumes will increase due to the timing of shipments. Demand for our logs
remained solid, supported by improving economy and government infrastructure spending.

In the South, we expect higher forestry expenditures in the fourth quarter as we complete work that was
deferred during the third quarter hurricane -- due to third quarter hurricane activity. Average log sales
realizations will be slightly lower than the third quarter due to mix. We anticipate a higher proportion
of fiber log sales as we complete additional plant thinning activity. Fee harvest volumes should be
comparable to the third quarter. In the north, average log sales realizations should increase slightly with
continued favorable demand for hardwood and softwood lumber.

I'll now turn to the recently announced transactions to enhance our Oregon Timberlands holdings. In
September, we entered into an agreement to sell 149,000 acres of Southern Oregon Timberlands for $385
million, and a separate agreement to purchase 85,000 acres of mid-coastal Oregon Timberlands for $426
million.

The net cost is approximately $40 million, and we expect significant and sustained cash flow accretion
from these transactions. We continue to expect these transactions will close in the fourth quarter, and the
Southern Oregon Timberlands are now shown on the balance sheet as held for sale. We expect to record
a gain on the sale with no accompanying tax liability. The gain will be reported as a special item in our
Timberlands business.

Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. Interest in our real estate properties
remained strong as shifting societal preferences are driving increased demand for rural HBU properties.
However, transactions remained slower to close due to extended time lines for financing and other key
activities. We expect fourth quarter earnings for Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment
will be approximately $10 million lower than the third quarter. And we continue to expect full year 2020
adjusted EBITDA of approximately $235 million.

We anticipate land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be approximately 50% for the fourth
quarter and approximately 70% for the full year. For our Wood Products segment, new residential
construction activity remains strong and our builder and dealer customers are optimistic moving into the
winter months. In repair and remodel markets, we have seen some seasonal slowdown in demand for
our products, the takeaway remains above historical averages for this time of year. Channel inventories
remained generally lean, with buyers limiting purchases to immediate needs.

Looking to the fourth quarter, we expect earnings and adjusted EBITDA for wood products will be lower
than our record performance in the third quarter, but above previous record set in the second quarter
2018. Excluding the effects of changes in average sales realizations, we expect fourth quarter results
will be significantly lower than the third quarter. We expect a modest seasonal reduction in sales volume
as well as higher Western and Canadian log costs, and higher raw material costs for engineered wood
products. We also expect lower operating rates for some product lines as we complete maintenance
outages that were deferred early in the pandemic.

The framing lumber composite has retreated from its late September peak but remains above the record
levels of 2018. For lumber, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $15 higher,
and current realizations are approximately $50 lower than the third quarter average.

Entering the fourth quarter, benchmark pricing for oriented strand board remains at record levels, and our
current quarter-to-date average sales realizations are approximately $140 higher than the third quarter
average. As a reminder, for every -- for lumber, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $11
million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And for OSB, every $10 change in realizations is approximately $8
million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis.

For Engineered Wood products, average sales realizations for our solid section and I-joist products, will be
slightly higher as we begin to capture the benefit of announced price increases. These increases generally

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

range from 4% to 8% and will be captured over the next several quarters. We expect realizations for other
engineered wood products will be lower than the third quarter average.

Page 13 outlines the major components of our unallocated items. Third quarter included a $9 million
noncash charge from elimination of intersegment profit in inventory and LIFO in the third quarter
compared to an $18 million benefit in the second quarter. The charge recorded in the third quarter was
primarily driven by higher unit cost for log and lumber inventories across our businesses. Third quarter
expense also included a year-to-date adjustment for performance-based incentive compensation.

I'll wrap up with a few additional outlook items highlighted on Page 20, including our $23 million special
item related to the early extinguishment of debt, third quarter interest expense was $111 million. We now
expect full year 2020 interest expense will be approximately $350 million, excluding special items, this is
$10 million lower than our prior guidance due to the reduction in our gross debt balance.

Turning to taxes. We expect our full year 2020 effective tax rate will be between 20% and 22% before
special items based on the forecasted mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary. We
expect our full year cash taxes will be lower than the overall tax expense as we defer some payments into
early 2021.

And last, we now expect total CapEx for 2020 will be approximately $280 million. This is $10 million more
than our prior guidance, reflecting a few additional high-return capital projects and wood products, slightly
lower timberlands CapEx due to the third quarter fires and severe weather.

Now I'll turn the call back to Devin, and I look forward to your questions.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Russell. With our unrivaled portfolio of assets, strong operational performance, our financial
strength and focused safety culture, we believe we're well positioned to capitalize on strong and growing
fundamental demand for U.S. housing. We are committed to returning a meaningful portion of our
resulting cash flow back to shareholders, and our new dividend framework positions us to deliver on our
commitment in a way that is sustainable and appropriate across market cycles.

Looking forward, we remained focused on industry-leading performance and disciplined prudent capital
allocation to sustainably grow our base dividend and drive superior long-term value for shareholders.
And now I'd like to open the floor for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Pettinari with Citi.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Just a question on the supplemental dividend. So you indicated you'll pay it at the beginning of the
year based on prior year's free cash flow. And I'm just curious in terms of any flexibility there. If you
have a situation where you generated a lot of cash in year 1, but heading into year 2, the outlook has
deteriorated based on macro or market trends. Would you make the judgment call to pay out less?
Or should we think of this as just kind of a mechanical payout that we should expect to get paid out
regardless of market conditions?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. A couple of things on that. First, just with respect to the timing, the general approach under the new
framework is to pay out the supplemental dividend annually in Q1 based on the prior year's FAD. So that
would mean Q1 2022. That being said, could there be a situation where we would consider an interim
supplemental dividend during the year? Certainly, I think that's conceivable. We wouldn't shut the door on
that possibility.

But again, the general view is that, that's going to be paid out on an annual basis. With respect to the
75% to 80%, really that's going to be the target. And I think the benefit of this dividend framework is that
we're going to be in a position to pay out 75% to 80% of FAD really across all different market cycles.
Certainly, when we're in a down market, we think we have sufficient cash flow from the real estate ENR
and Timberlands business to cover that. And then when we see strong commodity markets like we're
seeing today, obviously, there's a lot of upside with the supplemental piece.

Anthony James Pettinari
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Okay. That's helpful. And then just -- we're finally back to 1.4 million housing starts. And you indicated
your Southern sawlog prices ticked up in the quarter on, kind of, I think, commercial and merchandising
activities.

I'm just wondering if you saw underlying kind of apples-to-apples price improvement in any regions of
the south, especially with these saw mills running full out. And would you anticipate price improvement in
2021, assuming we stay at or above that 1.4 million starts level?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Anthony, we've historically talked about that in terms of housing starts. I think in retrospect, the
more applicable look there is what's happening in supply and demand in each individual wood basket. And
as you alluded to, some of those regions are more tension than others. And so clearly, there are regions,
say, the Atlantic Coast, North Carolina, some regions that just have a little bit more tensioning and you
see a little stronger log pricing there.

I do think as we look out over the longer term, obviously, we've seen a fair amount of sawmill capacity
coming into the south over the last several years, call it, 5.5 billion, 6 billion board feet of new capacity.
We've even seen a few new ones announced here just of late. I do think over the longer term, you are
going to continue to see sawmill capacity coming into the U.S. South. It's one of the best places certainly
in North America, if not the world, to manufacture lumber.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

And so our expectation is that over time, we'll continue to see more conversion capacity come in. And with
each new mill that comes in, that has a tensioning effect in that particular wood basket. So we do expect
that to improve over time.

I would say, obviously, housing, repair and remodel activity is an important piece of that in that it drives
that in demand for lumber and other wood products. But ultimately, log prices are going to be based on
the supply demand dynamic in that individual wood basket.

So I think we are optimistic that over time, that will improve. I think it's just going to be slow going as
each new mill comes in, that will, overall, improve the supply/demand dynamic over time.

Operator

Our next question comes from George Staphos with Bank of America.

George Leon Staphos
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Congratulations on the quarter. My first question, given Anthony teed it up, I want to segue from that
question. And maybe the answer can be more or less the same. But given the supply constraints that
you're seeing on the West, given the higher pricing that we're seeing for logs in the west, are you seeing
any tangible evidence of maybe some substitution, recognizing there are different regions, large distances
between the 2 regions from Douglas fir to Southern yellow pine, and in turn, any expectation that might
happen such that you see even more capacity come into the market to, ultimately, hopefully, attention the
Southern markets more. Any thoughts on that would be helpful. And I had a couple of follow-ons.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Sure. Well, George, you don't really see much in the way of substitution between Southern yellow pine
and Doug fir. And that's generally just the builders have preferences with an individual species and they
generally stick with that. So you don't see a lot of crossover.

So the short answer to your question is really notwithstanding some of the pricing dynamics, you don't
really see a whole lot of crossover between Doug fir and Southern yellow pine. I do think where you see
a little bit more substitution is with the SPF and Southern yellow pine. And as we've seen some of the
SPF supplies come down due to the pine beetle up in Canada, I think we are seeing, in certain markets,
Southern yellow pine gained market share over SPF, and I would expect that would continue to be the
case.

George Leon Staphos
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. That's helpful, Devin. And good reminder on that.

One thing I want to go back to -- I think it was Slide 10, you had the realizations on the price per acre
that you're seeing within real estate and energy and natural resources. And there's been a general trend
lower that you show on the chart in terms of the realizations you're getting per acre, any things that we
should be taking away from that as we look out to '21 and '22?

And it would seem like mix will stay relatively low or not higher if, in fact, you're seeing more demand for
rural and because what's been going on with COVID and the like the last 6 months. Any thoughts on that?

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, George, this is Russell. I would say that in 2020, we definitely had a higher mix of some properties
in our Southern Oregon. And these were legacy Plum Creek properties with a high basis. We had stepped
those up at the time of the merger. And so I think as you look forward into 2021 and 2022, you'll see a
more kind of normalized pattern of sales coming through the real estate program. So again, it is definitely
skewed in 2020 with those Oregon transactions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

George Leon Staphos
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Okay. My last question, and I'll turn it over. If we look at the transaction that you announced, where
you're, essentially, this wasn't your wording, but trading land in Oregon, you're effectively getting, I think,
from what we read, better stock land, and you're basically getting cash upfront versus cash later. Can
you give us a bit more detail in terms of why you're selling one portion and buying another, recognizing
the deal hasn't closed and you might be limited in terms of what you can share there? Good luck in the
quarter.

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. George, I'll take that. When you look at what we're selling in our southern operations, I would say
that those were -- they're good Timberlands, but they were not as strategic or as strategically located
as the timberlands were acquiring. And so when you look at the Timberlands we're acquiring, they're
really well fitted for our current operating region there. And it also supports our export program and then
supports a couple of our mills within that region also.

So again, it's really a good trade for us. It fits our operations really well. There'll be cash accretive, very
strong cash accretion. And I think, overall, it definitely improves the overall profile of our Western Oregon
Timberlands.

Operator

Our next question is from Mark Wilde with Bank of Montreal.

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Devin, I wanted to start off, could you just give us some more thoughts about sort of how you went about
setting this initial dividend level, the base dividend?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure. So the level of the base quarterly dividend was really based on the cash flows that we generate
across business cycles, both at the business level and the company level. And as we look to set that,
we looked at the cash flow generation of each of our businesses across a variety of pricing scenarios,
historical cash flows from the businesses. We looked at our company level FAD over the last several years,
and also modeled out FAD under a number of different market and pricing scenarios.

And really, the idea was to set the base quarterly dividend at a level that's both sustainable and
supportable from our cash flow even in a challenged market condition. And so we expect that $0.17
per share quarterly dividend largely -- to be able to -- to be supported largely from the cash that we're
generating from the more stable timberlands real estate and ENR business. And then obviously, over time,
we would expect to grow that base dividend as we grow our timberlands and ENR cash flow.

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

And just recalling, I think, Devin, that back in '18, when you made the last dividend raise, that actually the
percent of kind of cross cycle FAD, you'd raised up to 85%. It seems like you've pulled that down here a
bit. Would you care to comment on that?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And just in terms of the 75% to 80% payout ratio, it's in the general vicinity. Over the last several
years, it's been anywhere from 75% to 85%. And as we were thinking about reinitiating the dividend and
the new framework, that 75% to 80% is really what we believe to be an appropriate balance of returning

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

a significant amount of cash back to shareholders while still retaining some amount of cash to support
growth and maintaining appropriate capital structure.

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Would you care to provide people with just some thoughts on kind of share repurchase? I mean if
we think about share repurchase programs in cyclical businesses, they've been devilishly hard to pull off
well.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. And as we think about the ways in which we're going to be returning cash to shareholders, obviously,
as we said, we're going to lean toward the supplemental dividend as the primary vehicle over and above
the base. But that being said, share repurchase can be a good way to return cash to shareholders under
the right circumstance.

So that's something that we're going to look at on a regular basis. And to the extent that our shares
are trading at a meaningful discount, and that's something that we could look at to return cash to
shareholders.

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Well, I think if you can provide clarity to people kind of going forward about how you're going to
make those judgments. I think that's helpful. Now the last one for me is just thinking about how you
would grow the land base over time. Can you share some thoughts with us on that? Because I think this
kind of steady selling down of the land base, I think, it raises concern among some investors that they're
buying a melting ice cube. And I just -- I'd like to get your thoughts on that issue.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So I guess a couple of comments on that, Mark. Obviously, we do have a real estate program where
we're trying to capture the value of our HBU profile. We've done some portfolio moves over the last few
years as well. But I do think it's important to remember that if you go back to 2013, Weyerhaeuser had
about 6 million acres, whereas we have about 11 million acres now.

And so it's something that we're always looking at. It's an opportunity, I think, for us going forward to
continue to deploy some of our excess cash to timberland acquisitions. We're always in the market looking
for transactions to both improve and grow our timber base. And so that's certainly something that we're
going to continue to look at.

We do want to make sure that we're being disciplined about it, though. Obviously, we want to make sure
that we're not just doing acquisitions to grow. We're doing acquisitions that we think that can create real
value. But certainly, that's something that is top of mind for us, and it's going to be something in Russell's
new role that he'll be even more focused on going forward.

Operator

Our next question is from Mark Weintraub with Seaport Global.

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Wanted to just drill in a little bit more on the average pricing in the Wood products. You mentioned in
lumber, up $15 quarter-to-date and then up $140 for OSB. Roughly how much of the volume that you'd
expect to sell in the fourth quarter would be in those categories at this point?

Devin W. Stockfish

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

President, CEO & Director

I want to make sure -- I'm not sure I understood your question, Mark. So maybe can you rephrase that?
I'm not sure what you're getting at with that.

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Sure. Sure. So stick with lumber. So quarter-to-date, average realizations are $15 higher than the third
quarter, is that about 1/3 of the volumes that you'd expect to sell in the quarter that, that $15 higher
would apply to? Or is it 40%?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think a good way to think about that is it's somewhere in the third category. So I think, generally
speaking, it's going to be similar each month over that Q4 period.

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Okay. Because I guess I'm just trying to understand how order files, et cetera, come into play and the
way we're thinking about this. And then likewise, when you talk about it being $50 lower currently, is that
based off where the random print was 2 or 3 weeks ago? Or is that based on where the random print is
today?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So just, I guess, a little context for the lag that you see in realizations, and I'll be specific to lumber,
although it's a similar dynamic in OSB with just different supply-demand dynamics.

So in lumber, generally, you're going to be pricing 1 to 3 weeks prior to shipment, which that's the lag
effect that you see between the print and the delivered realizations. And generally speaking, the nature of
the market is that order files typically extend in hot markets and they shrink in soft markets.

So when we go back to Q3, as prices were climbing, our order files extended out several weeks, and the
inventories were pretty lean. As we approach peak pricing, customers start moving to the sidelines and
the order files shrink down fairly quickly. And so that lag effect that you see on the upside oftentimes is a
little bit longer than what you see on the downside.

And so when you look at that, the current pricing relative to print, that's going to be based on a shorter
order file as it's coming down versus what it was when it was going up.

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

And so order of magnitude, that $50 lower, what time reference would be most applicable in saying, okay,
that -- if we try to mark-to-market?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So at this point, whereas our order files were 3 plus weeks as the prices were going up, they're now
down to about 1 week -- 1 to 2 weeks.

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Okay. Okay. And then you mentioned -- or I think Russ, that channel inventories are generally lean --
and more color on that, if you could? And where would they be would you say in the various businesses
relative to where they normally would be now?

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think you can say generally across the board in all product categories, and I'll comment on each
specifically. But generally speaking, the inventories in the channel are pretty lean across the board. And
when you think about lumber, really, the buying is mostly limited to covering immediate needs. I would
say most folks in the market are still trying to determine what lumber prices are going to shake out at and
are cautious about really starting to build inventories when they're not clear on what a more stabilized
pricing is going to look like.

So I would say, generally speaking, lumber inventories, pretty lean across the system. OSB, also very
lean, a little bit different dynamic there. Order files and OSB, at least for us, are still pretty extended, out
4-ish weeks. And so there's just not a whole lot of extra inventory in the system. You've seen the OSB
pricing hold up a little better. And I think that's largely just a function of order files continuing to be pretty
extended.

EWP, similar story, long, strong order files in EWP. And I'd say generally pretty minimal inventory in the
channel in that product.

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Okay. Great. One last very quick clarification. On the reference to the debt leverage ratios being where
you want them to be, obviously, EBITDA goes up and down, I mean, EBITDA is extremely strong right
now. Is the absolute level of debt at the level where you would want it to be?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I'd say from a gross debt perspective -- and you're right, the ratio is a function of EBITDA as well. But
from a gross debt perspective, I think we're in the ballpark of where we want to be with the actions we've
taken this year and then the $150 million that we have earmarked for the 2021 maturity, that gets you in
the neighborhood of 5.3% of gross debt. And I think that gives us adequate flexibility, really, through all
parts of the market cycle to stay right around that 3.5x net debt-to-EBITDA.

Operator

Our next question is from Mark Connelly with Stephens.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Devin, we've been hearing about labor availability as the homebuilding counts for several years now. And
yet housing activity seems to be constrained by other stuff, then we haven't really seen a big change in
construction approaches, which comes slowly anyway.

So I'm wondering, with your experience in trusses manufacturing and all that. Are you seeing any signs
that the market is preparing to shift or trying to shift to more prefab or something else to reduce labor
content?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. There's certainly lots of talk about that. And I think there are certain homebuilders that are investing
in that. Frankly, some of the dealer network partners are also looking at opportunities to really help with
some of the off-site manufacturing to deal with the challenges around labor. So it's something that we
hear a lot about. You're seeing some of it. I don't know that we're at a point where it's really starting
to make a meaningful difference yet. But there's no question that labor has been a challenge, I think it
remains a challenge. In talking to the homebuilders, it's certainly something that's still top of mind for

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

them, and they're really looking at all different avenues to try to help with that, from off-site panelization,
to really ramping up their programs to -- and set people to come into the trade.

So they're really looking at that across the board because it does still remain a challenge, I think, to get to
you what would otherwise be full building.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Is there a role for Weyerhaeuser in that process?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think there is, in the sense that we want to make sure that we stay very close to all of our
customers throughout the value chain to make sure that we're looking for opportunities, whether it's
panelization, whether it's off site manufacturing, to leverage our supply chain expertise to get them
products in what they need to be successful at the right cost.

So it's something that we are focused on. We're certainly in discussions with all of our partners on how we
can help them. I don't know that we're necessarily looking to get into panelized manufacturing, if that's
the question. But I do think we'll look for opportunities to leverage that if it does get some momentum
with our customers.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

And just one question. You mentioned the fiber log demand in the south being down. If that stays down,
how meaningful will that be assuming more normal lumber prices? Clearly, some paper and pulp markets
have been hit and aren't going to come back quickly.

So I'm curious, is that going to lead you to think about shifting harvest cycles or marketing programs? Or
is it just not big enough to matter?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I don't think it's big enough to matter. A couple of comments on the southern fiber markets.
Obviously, we've seen some puts and takes in pulp log demand. Some segments, whether it's
containerboard, boxboard, those kinds of markets, those have done okay. Printing paper, obviously, in a
COVID environment has been somewhat challenged. I don't think, all things considered, it's at a point now
where it's going to make a meaningful difference to us one way or the other, just in what's going on in the
current market conditions.

I would say a couple of other comments there. Going into fourth quarter for whatever it's worth, I think
the log decks for most of the pulp and paper manufacturers are pretty light relative to normal. So certainly
not significant log inventories in that market. And then the other just piece of color there is we did see a
number of our pulp log customers defer maintenance earlier in the year when the markets were a little
stronger, and a lot of that ran through Q3. And so that's a little bit of the softness that you saw as well.
Those are mostly coming out of those maintenance shutdowns as we head into Q4.

Operator

Our next question is from Paul Quinn with RBC Capital Markets.

Paul C. Quinn
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

I just had a couple of questions in Wood Products there. Devin. When I take a look at Slide 12 and third-
party sales volumes, so this is just shipments for lumber and OSB over the last 7 quarters, it's pretty
much flat. I'm just wondering on the production side, whether that production has been flat and whether

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

you've been able to meaningfully increase that, and also whether you're running at capacity. And what's
your ability to pick that up going forward.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I do think, particularly on the lumber side, we will grow that production over time. We've got the
Dierks and the Millport mills that are up and running. I think with respect to Q3, in particular, there
were a few things in the quarter. We had to take some downtime in the West due to wildfire smoke. We
had downtime at some of our mills in the south with the various hurricanes coming through and power
outages, some maintenance downtime, those kinds of things. But over time, our lumber production will
increase. And even I'd say on OSB around the margins just as we continue to improve on reliability across
our various products, we'll see some improvement there as well.

Paul C. Quinn
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then just on mass timber and is part of what Mark was asking around, but there's been a lot of
activity there. And this is an area that's growing, straight in line with your sustainability goals. Just -- and
you guys already manufacture a number of components for it. Just wondering if that's an area of interest
to be able to expand that side of the business?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. We're really excited about the momentum we're seeing around cross-laminated timber, mass timber.
It's certainly something that has gotten people excited across the board, and we're seeing that move,
frankly, faster than we had anticipated. So we're in touch with the manufacturers of CLT. I don't know
in the near term, we're really looking to get into manufacturing CLT. But certainly, we know how to
manufacture wood products, and we'll continue to look at that market down the road, maybe that makes
sense. But I think in the near term, it's really more of an opportunity for us to sell lumber and other
engineered wood products into that space.

Operator

Our next question is from Buck Horne with Raymond James.

Buck Horne
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

I want to go back to the dividend for a quick follow-up. Maybe I missed this early in the discussion. I'm
just curious on the timing of the initial supplemental dividend with the suspension of the dividend for the
better part of this year and of course, the strong EBITDA results coming out of wood products, what was
the decision process in terms of not doing a supplemental dividend in the first quarter of '21 and then
waiting another full year for the first payment to maybe in 2022? What's the -- what was the thought
process in going that much further out with the supplemental?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. A couple of comments on that. I guess, first, when we think about the cash flow that we generated
from 2020, clearly, we have prioritized debt reduction with the cash flow that we've generated this year.
We've allocated over $1 billion to debt reduction, which has been a significant percentage of our overall
2020 cash flow, which is the $400 million that we've reduced gross debt year-to-date, the $500 million
we're paying down in Q4, another $150 million we've got earmarked for 2021.

And so this has really taken us to a place where we've reduced leverage, where we feel it's an appropriate
level across business cycles. Obviously, we have also returned $375 million of cash through the dividend
payment that we made in Q1 and the fourth quarter dividend we just declared.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

So on balance, that's how we allocated the cash flow from 2020. When we talk about the supplemental
dividend, we talk about Q1 2022 payout, I mean that's generally going to be the approach with the
dividend framework to do that annually. But again, as we said, we're not going to be overly dogmatic
there. Could there be a situation where we would consider an interim supplemental dividend during 2021,
even Q1, certainly, I think that's conceivable. We wouldn't shut the door on that possibility. We're going
to continue to look at that. But again, we're expecting that on -- as a general matter, the supplemental
dividend will be paid out annually in most circumstances.

Buck Horne
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Okay. I appreciate that. And just with the notes on the wood products a little bit further, just maybe longer
term, bigger picture, I think we agree with you, certainly on the potential runway for the housing recovery
and the single-family housing shortage that in all the demographic factors that go into that equation. Of
course, the demand for lumber capacity is going to likely continue to increase.

How do you guys look at the longer-term potential of your existing wood products capacity in terms of
what additional CapEx projects could move the needle to increase your capacity internally with higher
return projects? And/or would you need to -- or would you consider additional acquisition opportunities, if
there are any out there, to increase your manufacturing capacity?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, I think there definitely are opportunities for us through our capital expenditures program to
continue to drive value through the Wood Products business. We have done, I think, a remarkable job
over the last 4 or 5 years with our CapEx in the Wood Products business. We've been primarily focused
during that time on cost reduction. I think you've seen that shown up in our relative performance in that
business. We've reached the point of being black at the bottom.

We did have some come along volume that came through those programs to date, as I mentioned, with
Dierks and with Millport. We've got a number of additional projects in the queue that we think can return
very good returns continue to ensure that we have a very cost-effective, efficient mill set. And in that, will
be some opportunities for increased lumber capacity and production as well.

So this is something, I think, is really -- it's a great opportunity for us, and we'll continue to look at that. I
would expect us to provide more guidance on 2021 CapEx on our next earnings call.

Operator

Our next question comes from Steve Chercover with D.A. Davidson.

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

So if memory serves, because I had to step away from my desk, you took an $80 million write-off for the
Oregon fires. And if prime West Side Oregon land is about $4,000 an acre, is it safe to say that greater
than 20,000 acres were destroyed? Or can you just give us a number?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So just a little context around that. So for us, we had about 125,000 acres that were impacted
to some extent. What I would say is when you think about each individual acre, they were impacted
depending on topography, age class, the rate of spread, species. So it's variable, the extent of the
damage. But what I would say is, at a high level, at least based on our early work in the salvage
operations, we think we're going to be able to capture vast majority of value on our merchantable timber.

So in other words, as we have gone in, even on the acres that had relatively severe burn, we're still able
to capture the value of the fiber. The bark has done its job and protected the underlying fiber. So we do

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

think the good news there, obviously, it's never good news when you have a big fire like this. But the good
news is, we think we're going to be able to capture most of the value on that merchantable timber over
the next, call it, 12 to 18 months.

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Yes. That's why I assume that the acreage impacted was substantially more than, call it, a total loss for
a certain volume. So over the 20 years I've covered Weyerhaeuser and also Plum Creek, everyone has
self-insured. And I'm wondering if it makes you rethink the whole notion of insurance acknowledging that
premiums tend to go up significantly after a disaster?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. As a practical matter, there's really no economically feasible way to buy insurance on significant
acreage of timberland. And so for us, the way we mitigate fire risk is we have a diverse area of Timberland
coverage across various regions. We are very active in our work around fire management, working with
other landowners in the state to make sure to the greatest extent possible that we're protecting our lands,
but there's going to be some risk. That's the nature of the business, and it's really not something that you
can cover through insurance.

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Yes. And finally, I'm in Oregon, so I can attest to just how windy it was and how extreme the weather was.
But normally your lands are sufficiently managed, that it's really only adjacent lands, federal lands, that
catch on fire that impact you. And was this just a whole new kettle of fish?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Well, it was just -- it was a situation -- this is the worst fire situation we've had in decades, and it was just
a situation where the humidity dropped really low. We had a period of no rain, so it was very dry. You had
fire start-up and then you had the significant wind. And when all of those things happen together, it can
get bad quickly as we saw this year.

But look, we're not -- it's not anything new, dealing with fires. It's something that we see in the west
every year. Most years, we have very minimal damage and impact. This was just a tough year.

Operator

There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Devin Stockfish for
closing comments.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

All right. Well, thank you, and thanks to everyone for joining us this morning, and thank you for your
interest in Weyerhaeuser. Stay safe and healthy, everyone.

Operator
This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for
your participation.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 30, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

