Weyerhaeuser Company NYSE:WY
FQ1 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Friday, May 01, 2020 2:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ1 2020-

-FQ2 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.13

0.18

Revenue  (mm)

1660.76

1728.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  May-01-2020 1:57 PM GMT

38.46

4.05

0.08

0.35

0.61

1501.94

6353.57

6838.89

FQ2 2019

FQ3 2019

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

0.10

0.10

0.05

0.13

0.16

0.08

0.03

0.18

60.00 %

(20.00 %)

(40.00 %)

38.46 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

12

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Elizabeth L. Baum
Vice President, Investor Relations
& Enterprise Planning

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

ANALYSTS

Collin Philip Mings
Raymond James & Associates,
Inc., Research Division

Derrick Laton
Goldman Sachs Group Inc.,
Research Division

John Plimpton Babcock
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research
Division

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC,
Research Division

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity
Research

Paul C. Quinn
RBC Capital Markets, Research
Division

Randy Devin Toth
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research
Division

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Weyerhaeuser First Quarter 2020
Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being
recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to Beth Baum, Vice
President of Investor Relations and Enterprise Planning. Thank you. Please go ahead.

Elizabeth L. Baum
Vice President, Investor Relations & Enterprise Planning

Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today to discuss Weyerhaeuser's
first quarter 2020 earnings. This call is being webcast at www.weyerhaeuser.com. Our earnings release
and presentation materials can also be found on our website. Please review the warning statements in
our press release and on the presentation slides concerning the risks associated with forward-looking
statements, as forward-looking statements will be made during this conference call.

We will discuss non-GAAP financial measures, and a reconciliation of GAAP can be found in the earnings
materials on our website. On the call this morning are Devin Stockfish, Chief Executive Officer; and Russell
Hagen, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Devin Stockfish.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Thanks, Beth. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is well
and staying safe. I want to begin this morning by sending my heartfelt thanks to our Weyerhaeuser
employees. We have remarkable people working for this company, and I'm extremely proud of their
unwavering commitment to safety, operational excellence and serving our customers as we manage
through this uncertain and challenging environment.

This morning, Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter results and announced further actions to preserve
liquidity and financial flexibility in light of the global COVID-19 pandemic. Because our markets have
evolved rapidly since the end of the first quarter, I will highlight our first quarter results and then turn my
focus to current business conditions and our actions in response to COVID-19.

Weyerhaeuser reported first quarter GAAP earnings of $150 million or $0.20 per diluted share on net sales
of $1.7 billion. Excluding a $12 million benefit from special items, we generated earnings of $138 million
or $0.18 per diluted share. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $413 million in the first quarter, an improvement of
nearly 60% compared with the fourth quarter and 13% higher than a year ago.

I'll begin the discussion of our results with some high-level comments on our first quarter business
conditions. U.S. housing activity started the year very strong. Total starts averaged 1.6 million in January
and February, supported by low unemployment, favorable mortgage rates and increased builder focus on
bringing affordable product to market. By mid-March, however, our customers began to express some
concern about the effects of social distancing mandates and stay-at-home orders, and housing activity
started to weaken in certain markets. Although housing starts declined to 1.2 million for the month,
our sales volumes remained steady through late March. Against this backdrop, each of our businesses
delivered strong first quarter operating results despite the rapidly changing upstream market conditions.

Turning to Timberlands on Pages 6 through 8 of our earnings slides. Timberlands contributed $105 million
to first quarter earnings and $173 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA increased $15 million compared
with the fourth quarter. In Western Timberlands, EBITDA increased $20 million compared with the fourth
quarter. Average sales realizations and volumes for Japan export logs increased and average domestic
sales realizations improved modestly.

In the western domestic market, improving demand and pricing for Douglas fir lumber drove solid demand
for logs through late March and pricing for domestic logs strengthened. Logging conditions were favorable

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

and mill inventories were adequate. Our fee harvest volumes increased slightly and costs improved
seasonally due to reduced road and forestry costs as well as lower per unit logging and hauling costs.

Turning to our export markets. Log sales volumes to Japan increased substantially in the first quarter, and
average sales realizations improved modestly. While Japanese housing starts were down approximately
10% year-to-date following the implementation of the consumption tax in the fourth quarter, demand
from our customers who serve the post-and-beam market increased due to limited availability of Canadian
export logs and reduced imports of competing European laminated beams.

As expected, our China export sales volumes declined significantly in the first quarter as we flexed our
volumes to the domestic market to capture higher-margin opportunities. Softwood log inventory to
Chinese ports nearly doubled in the first quarter to 7.1 million cubic meters. Takeaway was weak as
sawmills and construction sites closed for the Lunar New Year holiday and did not begin to reopen until
COVID-related restrictions eased in mid-March.

Log supply from New Zealand and Europe remained abundant for most of the first quarter, and our sales
realizations decreased slightly compared with the fourth quarter. Relative to the year ago quarter, our total
western log export revenue declined due to significantly lower sales volumes to China, partially offset by
higher volumes to Japan.

Moving to the South. Southern Timberlands EBITDA decreased $7 million compared with the fourth
quarter. Demand remained steady through late March as unseasonably wet weather reduced grade log
availability across many southern markets. Our fee harvest volume declined 7% compared with the fourth
quarter, primarily due to seasonally lower stumpage sales. Average sales realizations declined slightly due
to mix.

Comparing our overall Southern Timberlands first quarter results with the year ago period, EBITDA
declined by $12 million due to lower fee harvest volumes and modestly lower average sales realizations.

In Northern Timberlands, EBITDA was comparable with the fourth quarter and $4 million lower than the
first quarter a year ago. Fee harvest volumes declined due to the sale of our Michigan Timberlands, and
average sales realizations improved primarily due to mix.

Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources, Pages 9 and 10. Real Estate and ENR contributed $36 million
to first quarter earnings and $101 million to adjusted EBITDA. First quarter EBITDA was $64 million higher
than the fourth quarter and $5 million lower than the year ago period. Compared with the fourth quarter,
real estate sales were significantly higher due to an increase in the number of acres sold. We experienced
strong interest in real estate across our markets throughout much of the first quarter.

In Energy and Natural Resources, construction materials volumes were seasonally lower. Average price per
acre declined, and average land basis as a percentage of real estate sales, was higher due to the mix of
properties sold. First quarter real estate sales included some low productivity acreage in Southern Oregon
that we acquired with the Plum Creek merger.

Wood Products, Pages 11 and 12. Wood Products contributed $134 million to first quarter earnings and
$184 million to adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA increased $74 million or almost 70% compared with the fourth
quarter and was 60% higher than the first quarter a year ago on improved commodity realizations and
higher sales volumes across all product lines.

Our first quarter Wood Products performance was outstanding. Our relentless focus on safety and efforts
to drive reliability and cost structure improvements continues to yield positive results and has never been
more important than it is today. I'm extremely proud of the progress that our teams continue to make on
the operational excellence front.

EBITDA for lumber increased $36 million compared with the fourth quarter. Strong housing activity drove
improved demand and benchmark pricing trended higher through much of the first quarter. Our sales
volumes improved modestly and average lumber realizations improved 7% over the fourth quarter.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

In the first quarter, our lumber operations delivered the lowest quarterly controllable manufacturing cost
on record and also set a new monthly record in March. Compared with the first quarter a year ago, lumber
EBITDA improved by $32 million due to improved realizations, higher sales volumes and lower per unit
manufacturing costs.

In OSB, EBITDA improved $26 million compared with the fourth quarter. Realizations improved
significantly, and sales volumes were moderately higher. Our OSB business delivered the lowest quarterly
controllable unit manufacturing cost in our history. On average, the benchmark OSB composite price
increased 22% compared with the fourth quarter.

Our average realizations increased 14% as the length of our order files creates a lag between published
and realized pricing. Compared with the year ago quarter, OSB EBITDA increased $26 million. Average
sales realizations increased 10%. Fiber costs declined, and sales volumes were higher. Engineered Wood
Products EBITDA improved by $10 million compared with the fourth quarter. Sales volumes for solid
section and I-joists were moderately higher due to strong construction activity. Per unit manufacturing
cost improved relative to the fourth quarter with seasonally higher operating rates.

Average sales realizations for both solid section products and I-joists decreased by 1% due to mix.
Compared with the first quarter a year ago, EBITDA improved $4 million due to higher sales volumes and
lower fiber and unit manufacturing costs.

Distribution EBITDA increased by $4 million due to higher sales volumes and improved product margins
compared with the fourth quarter. Compared with the year ago quarter, EBITDA increased by $8 million
due to higher sales volumes, partially offset by higher delivery and warehouse costs.

Turning now to operational excellence. In the first quarter, each of our businesses made good progress
against our $50 million to $70 million OpEx target for 2020, and we remain focused on delivering industry-
leading performance across a wide range of market conditions. This commitment to operational excellence
and having the right cost structure has never been more essential, and our focus is unwavering.

Let me turn now to the recent deterioration of industry-wide business conditions in the second quarter and
the actions that we've taken to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility and maintain our capital structure
in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. Then I'll turn it over to Russell to discuss our financial position and
second quarter outlook.

At the end of March, the rapid deterioration in macroeconomic conditions began to translate into weaker
demand across our value chain. In April, as stay-at-home orders were enacted across the nation and
unemployment began to rise, our homebuilder customers started to report steep declines in buyer traffic
and increasing cancellation rates. Likewise, many of our building products dealer customers communicated
that they were experiencing sharply lower order files.

While residential construction was designated an essential industry in most jurisdictions, allowing for
continued construction activity, the impacts of stay-at-home orders and general economic uncertainty on
potential homebuyers translated into significant slowing of housing activity in late March and throughout
April. And obviously, the impacts in regions where state and local restrictions prohibited construction
were even more pronounced. Although takeaway from our home improvement warehouse customers has
remained solid, the pandemic-related reductions in construction activity have resulted in a significant
drop-off in overall demand for wood products. Across our Timberlands segment, demand for fiber logs
has held up well. But many domestic sawlog customers have curtailed production in response to weaker
wood products demand. In total, we have noted curtailments at over 100 customer destinations, reducing
sawlog demand by approximately 25% in April versus March.

For our Real Estate and ENR segment, social distancing and other measures have curtailed real estate
broker activity and increased the time required to finance, close and record transactions.

So in summary, we have seen a steady decline across all of our markets over the last month. Importantly,
however, our businesses were well prepared to rapidly respond to the changing market dynamics. In Wood
Products, we've reduced operating capacity by 15% to 35% across our manufacturing businesses to align

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

our production with customer demand, and we quickly pulled back on discretionary capital expenditures
and other operating costs.

We have continued to safely deliver on our value proposition of quality, reliability and logistics expertise
despite the broad social and economic disruptions. This has further enhanced our position as a preferred
supplier for our customers.

In Timberlands, we opportunistically flexed volume into the China market in April to capitalize on improved
demand and pricing. We also leveraged our vertical integration, reoptimizing log procurement across our
Wood Products segment to facilitate increased fee harvest consumption by our internal mills. These actions
offset all of our demand reduction in the U.S. West for the month of April. However, they mitigated only a
portion of the reduction we're seeing in the southern demand.

In light of these market conditions, we are reducing our planned 2020 southern harvest volume by
approximately 10% to match our supply with the lower demand. We will continue to closely monitor
market conditions and take the necessary steps to align our operations and production levels to evolving
customer demand.

In general, current economic data and forecast lead us to believe that our near-term business
conditions will remain challenged for some period of time. Key indicators that we are monitoring
include unprecedented levels of weekly unemployment claims, rapidly rising mortgage forbearance
requests, record declines in consumer sentiment and builder confidence, mortgage purchase applications
substantially below year ago levels, tighter mortgage credit availability, and estimates for a continued
near-term contraction in U.S. GDP.

Further, there continues to be a high level of uncertainty regarding the duration and magnitude of
the societal and economic impacts of this COVID-19 pandemic. The time line for effective medical
treatments and vaccines is unclear. Recent steps toward economic reopening are positive, but we expect
the trajectory of the economic recovery will be bumpy and gradual. This drives significant uncertainty
regarding the medium-term outlook for U.S. housing activity.

We anticipate that pricing and demand will remain choppy across our markets for much of 2020. Once
stay-at-home orders are lifted, our customers tell us they anticipate a near-term pickup in activity as
builders complete in-process homes and work through pre-pandemic order backlogs. However, following
that immediate surge, most are anticipating lower sales and construction activity until employment and
consumer confidence materially improve.

In light of these expectations, we're taking actions to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility and
maintain our capital structure during this unprecedented time. First, we're cutting 2020 capital
expenditures by $90 million. Second, we're reducing nonessential expenses by $55 million. This includes
G&A and operating expense reductions across our businesses and corporate functions. Third, we will defer
$25 million of federal payroll tax payments until 2021. Fourth, our senior management team and Board
of Directors have elected to reduce their compensation for the remainder of 2020. I will reduce my base
salary by 30%. Our Board will reduce its fees by 20% and the remainder of our senior management team
will reduce their base salaries by 10%.

And finally, our Board of Directors is temporarily suspending the quarterly dividend. The dividend
suspension is an extremely difficult decision but one that we believe is prudent given deteriorating end
market conditions and a highly uncertain economic environment.

I want to be clear that returning cash to shareholders through a sustainable dividend is a core part of
our balanced capital allocation philosophy. The Board will regularly evaluate opportunities to reinitiate an
appropriate quarterly cash dividend as soon as practicable. This evaluation will take into account a number
of variables, including the broader macroeconomic environment, our market conditions and customer
demand as well as the company's cash flow, liquidity and leverage.

I will now turn it over to Russell to discuss financial items and our second quarter outlook.

Russell S. Hagen

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Senior VP & CFO

Thanks, Devin, and good morning. While we're expecting challenging market conditions until the impacts
of the COVID-19 pandemic recede, we are confident that the actions we have taken will enable us to
maintain a strong financial position through this unprecedented time. We have a solid balance sheet, a
competitive cost structure, and our 11 million acres of Timberlands provide strong asset coverage. We
hold investment-grade credit ratings and remained well in compliance with our debt covenants. Moreover,
our trees will continue to grow and generate value now and into the future, regardless of the economic
conditions.

In the first quarter, we took several steps to enhance our financial flexibility. First, we refinanced our
$1.5 billion revolving credit facility to capture more favorable pricing and extend its maturity to 2025.
Second, we increased our cash on hand through a precautionary $550 million draw on our revolver. Today,
this facility still has $950 million of available capacity remaining. Third, we issued $750 million of 4%
notes through a public bond offering with the net proceeds to be used to repay our 2021 debt maturities.
And fourth, we completed the sale of our Montana Timberlands for $145 million in cash. We originally
anticipated this transaction would close in the second quarter.

These activities are reflected on Page 14, which summarizes our key financial items for the quarter. We
ended the first quarter with a cash balance of $1.4 billion, excluding the cash earmarked for repayment
of the 2021 maturities and the $550 million draw on our revolver, which we will repay when appropriate.
We had approximately $170 million of cash on hand at the end of the first quarter. This is in line with our
typical cash balance.

Our gross debt outstanding increased during the quarter due to the bond offering and the revolver raw.
Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we submitted notice that this month, we will be redeeming
our $569 (sic) [ $569 million ] notes due in March 2021. Following this repayment, we have a total debt
of approximately $6.8 billion. We intend to repay $150 million debt note in 2021 at maturity. After these
repayments, we have no additional debt maturities until 2023. These actions are consistent with our
strategy to preserve liquidity and financial flexibility in this uncertain environment.

Turning to cash flow. Cash from operations during the first quarter was $86 million. First quarter cash
flow is typically lower due to seasonal working capital increases and higher quarterly interest payments.
Cash from investing totaled $441 million. This includes $362 million of cash from the maturity of our last
variable interest entity and $145 million from our Montana Timberlands sale.

Our capital expenditures for the first quarter totaled $68 million. As Devin mentioned, we are reducing
our 2020 CapEx by $90 million to help preserve liquidity, $75 million of reductions will come from wood
products, where we are eliminating discretionary capital projects and cutting back to the low end of the
maintenance capital range, $10 million will come from Timberlands and $5 million from corporate.

Our revised guidance for total 2020 CapEx is approximately $270 million. This includes $110 million for
Timberlands, inclusive of reforestation costs...

[ Technical Difficulty ]

Can you still hear us? So I assume we can be heard. We'll keep going.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Let's continue.

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

All right. looking forward, key outlook items for the second quarter and the full year are presented on
Pages 15 and 16. In our Timberlands business, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA
will be significantly lower than the first quarter. In our Western Timberlands operations, domestic mill
log inventories were above target in early April as lumber mills reduced production in response to the

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

uncertain market environment. By month end, log inventories came into balance as customers limited log
purchases to align with planned production.

As Devin mentioned, our Western Timberlands team was able to leverage our scale, customer diversity
and collaboration with our mills to offset all of the demand reductions we experienced in April. As a result,
even with current market conditions, we expect our second quarter domestic log sales volumes will be
comparable with the first quarter.

Average log sales realizations are expected to be lower than first quarter levels, and forestry and road
spending will increase as we enter the spring and summer months.

Moving to the export markets. In Japan, a significant amount of residential construction activity has
been curtailed due to COVID-19 outbreak. Demand for logs remained steady in April but is expected
to soften as the quarter progresses. We expect our second quarter Japanese export log sales volumes
and realizations will be lower than the first quarter. We expect our Chinese export log sales volumes and
realizations to increase in the second quarter.

In early March, Chinese log importers began to apply for and were granted exemptions from tariffs
imposed on U.S. softwood logs. As COVID-19-related restrictions eased in China, construction activity
has resumed and log takeaways returned to more normal levels. Disruptions to the supply of competing
logs out of New Zealand and Europe, coupled with additional takeaway, has driven improved demand and
pricing for our western export logs.

We anticipate minimal effect on second quarter market conditions from the recent easing of restrictions of
the New Zealand forestry operations.

In the south, manufacturing shift reductions and curtailments reduced demand for our grade logs by over
30% in the month of April. Demand for fiber logs remained stable as increased production of hygiene
products offsets weaker demand for printing and writing papers. We expect our second quarter fee
harvest volumes will decline approximately 5% to 10% compared with the first quarter. Average log
sales realizations will be slightly lower than the first quarter, primarily due to mix as we expect a greater
proportion of fiber log sales as we continue to shift to more thinning activities.

We are seeing increased interest in exports of our southern yellow pine logs to China as waivers are
granted for the ongoing 25% tariff.

In the North, second quarter fee harvest volumes will be lower than the first quarter due to the spring
breakup season. As Devin indicated, we expect to reduce our southern fee harvest by approximately 10%
this year to align with our production with reduced sawlog demand. As a result, we are updating our total
fee harvest guidance to between 33 million and 34 million tons for the full year 2020. We do not anticipate
material changes to our western fee harvest volumes.

Clearly, second quarter activity is highly uncertain. Assuming current market conditions persist, we
anticipate earnings and adjusted EBITDA for our Timberlands business will be approximately $50 million to
$60 million lower than the first quarter.

Turning to our Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources segment. We anticipate second quarter earnings
and adjusted EBITDA for this segment will be approximately $20 million lower than the second quarter
of 2019 due to fewer real estate acres sold. We expect second quarter land basis as a percentage of real
estate sales will be moderately higher than the first quarter 2020.

In real estate, we continue to experience demand and interest in our properties with social distancing
and other measures have curtailed broker activity and lengthened the time required to finance, close
and record transactions. Demand for smaller HBU transactions remain steady. The volume of larger
transactions requiring financing is slowing due to challenging credit availability.

In Energy and Natural Resources, second quarter activity has been stable, but we anticipate adjusted
EBITDA will decrease as the year progresses due to lower demand for construction materials and reduced
interest in new oil and gas leasing activity. As a result, we are lowering our full year adjusted EBITDA

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

guidance for Real Estate, Energy and Natural Resources to $200 million. This is a $55 million reduction
from our prior guidance.

We continue to anticipate land basis as a percentage of real estate sales will be between 55% and 65% for
the year. For our Wood Products segment, we expect second quarter earnings and adjusted EBITDA will be
significantly lower than the first quarter 2020 and the second quarter of 2019. We anticipate significantly
lower sales volumes across all product lines in the second quarter. The market demand has deteriorated
across our Wood Products businesses due to the economic impacts of COVID-19 and the related reduction
in residential construction and large repair and remodel activity.

To align our production with the market demand, in April, we reduced our operating capacity by 20% for
lumber and 15% for oriented strand board, and we expect to extend these reductions at similar levels in
May. Across our various engineered wood products, we reduced capacity by 15% to 25% in April, and plan
to reduce engineered wood products capacity by an additional 10% for the month of May.

We will continue to dynamically adjust our production to align with profitable demand. Benchmark
pricing for frame and lumber composite and OSB composite have declined approximately $75 and $100,
respectively, since early March. For lumber, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are $25 lower,
and current realizations are $20 lower than the first quarter average, respectively.

For oriented strand board, our quarter-to-date average sales realizations are $5 higher, and our current
sales realizations are $20 lower than the first quarter average, respectively. It is important to note that
due to the length of our order files, there is a lag between the cash benchmark price and our realizations.
As a reminder, at typical operating rates for lumber, every $10 change in realizations is approximately
$11 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis. And for OSB at typical operating rates, every $10 change in
realizations is approximately $8 million of EBITDA on a quarterly basis.

For engineered wood products, we expect second quarter average sales realizations will be generally
comparable to the first quarter. Page 13 outlines the major components of our first quarter unallocated
items. Adjusted EBITDA for this segment was comparable to the fourth quarter 2019. Special items for
the first quarter consists of a $12 million benefit from the legal settlement of a legacy insurance coverage
matter.

Our noncash, nonoperating pension and postretirement expense was $9 million in the first quarter, and we
continue to expect approximately $40 million of expense for the full year 2020. We also continue to expect
approximately $30 million of required cash payments related to our pension and postretirement plans. We
do not expect to make any contributions to our U.S. qualified pension plan.

As a reminder, we have reduced our future pension obligations by over $2 billion since 2018, and we have
significantly reduced the plan's exposure to market and interest rate volatility by transitioning to a liability-
driven investment strategy.

First quarter interest expense was $85 million. We now expect interest expense will be approximately
$360 million for the full year 2020 before special items. This incorporates the previously discussed debt
transactions and assumes a higher revolver balance as part of the actions to increase cash on hand.

In the second quarter, we expect to record a net pretax charge of $11 million, which will be reported as a
special item as part of the early redemption of our $569 million note.

I'll close my comments with taxes. For the second quarter and the full year 2020, we now expect a modest
tax benefit due to our current outlook for the remainder of the year. The tax rate will be sensitive to the
level and the mix of earnings between our REIT and taxable REIT subsidiary for the year.

As previously discussed, the $90 million refund associated with our 2018 pension contribution remains in
process. We anticipate receiving this refund in early 2021.

Now I'll turn the call back to Devin and look forward to your questions.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Thank you, Russell. Although we expect near-term market conditions will be very challenging, I'm highly
confident that Weyerhaeuser is well positioned to successfully navigate these unprecedented times. Our
strong safety culture and high level of employee engagement enabled us to rapidly implement rigorous
safety measures to protect the health and well-being of our employees for the duration of this COVID-19
outbreak.

Our businesses have industry-leading scale, cost structures and supply chain expertise and an unmatched
diversity of customers, products and geographic locations. Our teams are agile, innovative and committed
to effectively serving our customers. We have an unrivaled portfolio of valuable timberland assets and a
wood products business with a proven ability to generate cash through adverse market conditions. And we
have acted prudently and decisively to preserve Weyerhaeuser's financial flexibility, maintain our capital
structure and ensure we have sufficient liquidity to weather this period.

Looking forward, our confidence in the underlying thesis for the U.S. housing remains strong. In contrast
to the period following the Great Recession, U.S. housing is now severely underbuilt, and evolving societal
preferences as we emerge from this pandemic are likely to support strong demand for single family
homes. We are confident that U.S. housing growth will resume as economic fundamentals stabilize and
consumer confidence rebounds, and we are well positioned to capitalize on that trend.

We remain focused on driving long-term value for our shareholders through industry-leading operating
performance and disciplined, prudent capital allocation.
And now I'd like to open up the floor for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Weintraub from Seaport Global.

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

2 questions. The first, if you could just walk us through the thought process on choosing to suspend the
dividend as opposed to resetting it to a lower level? And maybe as we think about as it gets reinstated, is
that likely to be a gradual increasing process? Or do you wait until you're at a point to restore it to what
you think's an appropriate ongoing level for the cycle?

And then real quickly, too, if there's any help you can give us in modeling or thinking through absorption
of fixed cost issues as you are taking significant volume out, particularly in the Wood Products business?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure, Mark. Well, I'll take the first 2 questions, and then I'll pass it over to Russell on the fixed
cost question. Really, we look at this through the context of the macro environment and our market
conditions. And really, as I mentioned, just an unprecedented situation in terms of what's going on
with the pandemic, broad swaths of the economy being locked down. We're seeing historic levels of
unemployment, GDP contraction in Q1, expectations that it's going to be much more dramatic in Q2,
consumer confidence dropping, and really no clear path on the trajectory of recovery. And so really, we're
expecting a significant erosion in housing and residential construction as well as, to some extent, larger
remodel activity here in the near term. I think we're in the early stages of understanding what that's
going to look like. It may get worse for a while. And so we're expecting that that's going to result in a very
challenged and choppy pricing and demand environment for our products for much of 2020.

And our view is that the full impacts from the housing slowdown won't be seen for a while longer, just
given the builders and contractors are working through existing backlogs. They're finishing up projects
that are under construction. So there's likely to be a bit of a lag before we see the full impacts of the
reduced wood products demand. So just a lot of uncertainty around how this is going to play out over the
next few quarters. Again, we're expecting a challenging environment for most of 2020.

And so in light of that, we elected to suspend the dividend as a temporary measure to help preserve
our liquidity and financial flexibility. It was obviously an extremely difficult decision. Returning cash
to shareholders through a sustainable dividend remains a core part of our balanced capital allocation
philosophy. However, under the circumstances, we believe this is the right action, a prudent action to
take at this time, just given current business conditions, our expectations regarding a very challenged
environment over the next several quarters and a high degree of uncertainty.

And so we're taking what we believe to be an appropriate and proactive set of actions to preserve liquidity
and financial flexibility, and also to ensure that we maintain an appropriate level of leverage. And so that
was the thought process.

In terms of the time line, just given the uncertainty, I think it's difficult right now to determine just how
this is going to impact our markets over the next several quarters. So we're monitoring that closely. The
Board is going to really look to see firm evidence of stabilization and recovery in our business conditions
and cash flow. More specifically, we're going to be looking at a number of factors, including market
conditions, customer demand, broader economic environment as well as the read-through on our cash
flow, liquidity position and leverage ratios.

But I want to make this point really clear, we are committed to reinitiating a quarterly cash dividend as
soon as practicable, and the Board is going to continue to evaluate that on a regular basis.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

In terms of the level, we're going to look to reinitiate it at a level that is appropriate and sustainable in
the context of our cash flow and our business conditions. And so I think we would be open to doing that in
stages. We would expect to reinitiate the dividend at a level that it can be sustainably increased over time
as markets improve. So Russell, do you want to touch on the fixed cost question?

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Sure, Mark. So when you look across the business, our fixed cost structure is about 15% kind of in total.
For wood products, wood fiber's the largest input cost. Lumber, it's about 2/3 of the cash costs. OSB is
about half the cash cost and the other half is resin and wax. And then engineered wood products is a little
less. Again, wood fiber costs and then resin and waxes.

Beyond fiber, labor is the next largest variable cost. And so then you get down to fixed overhead in our
manufacturing operations, it's relatively small. Typically a mill manager, utilities, taxes, et cetera, so
it's a pretty low overhead, a pretty low fixed cost structure. Timberlands, we have very low input and
maintenance costs. So you really aren't incurring any costs until you cut the timber. And then in real
estate, our fixed costs are really minimal, closer to like 10%, which is mostly labor because we outsource
really a majority of our broker network.

Mark Adam Weintraub
Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division

Super. Just one clarification. I'm sorry, that 15%, was that for wood products? Or was that for the overall
company, the first allusion to 15%?

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

That's the overall company. Wood products is probably more like 18%. And then timberlands is probably
right about 15%.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of George Staphos from Bank of America.

John Plimpton Babcock
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

This is actually John Babcock on the line for George. I just wanted to start out. I was wondering if you can
kind of remind us what is kind of different about the southern markets versus the west, such that you are
cutting harvest by 10% in the south, but with no changes in the west. I assume the export markets may
have something to do with that. But then kind of the next level to the question is also if you could kind of
dig a little bit more into the reduction in operating expenses and what makes that up. And also, provide a
little bit more color on where you're reducing capital spending, that would be helpful.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure. Well, you're right. It's a different market dynamic in the west than it is in the south. The
west is fundamentally a more tensioned wood basket, and we have a diverse set of markets that we can
flex volume to. And as I mentioned earlier, really, we have the domestic third party market. We have
our internal mills, and then we have the export markets out of the west. And so as we saw the third-
party domestic demand drop, we were able to flex additional volume to that export market. And so we
anticipate that we'll be able to continue to move our volumes in the west at good margins. And so we
don't anticipate a harvest reduction there.

South, a little bit different story. You don't have that same market outlet to the export markets. I will say
just as an aside, we have seen the China export market start up again in the south as those tariffs have
fallen off, but it's a really small percentage of our overall harvest volume. So really, when you see that

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

domestic third-party mill consumption in the south go down dramatically, that's really what's driving the
reduction.

And we come to that conclusion really by doing a wood basket-by-wood basket analysis of demand, and
that 10% is really just a roll-up of that work. In terms of -- what was it -- remind me what the next
question was there, John?

John Plimpton Babcock
BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division

Yes. Just if you could provide detail on the operating expenses that you're planning to reduce as well as
the CapEx reductions.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Sure. In terms of the operating expenses, it really just cuts across the entirety of the company. It
covers things from the obvious like reduced travel and entertainment to deferred IT projects, controlling
other nondiscretionary spend really all across the entirety of the company. In terms of the CapEx, the
majority of that CapEx came out of the wood products CapEx budget. And the rationale there was we're
just going to defer the discretionary capital projects and really take that down, as Russell mentioned, to
the bottom end of the range of our sustaining and maintenance capital range.

And so those projects that we're deferring are good projects, high-return projects. We'll get to those in the
future, but I felt that, that was the prudent action to take just given the current environment.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Brian Maguire from Goldman Sachs.

Derrick Laton
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

It's Derrick Laton on for Brian. Just a follow-up on the comments on the southern log market and the 10%
reduction in the harvest for this year. I think you said maybe the demand was down about 30% in April,
if that was right. And then if that's the case, then what gives you the confidence that 10% is the right cut
here for 2020?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think a couple of things. First of all, if you think about the market in total, we have the fiber market
and the grade market. In the fiber market, that has held up fairly well. You think about paper towel,
toiler paper, the hygiene market. Demand in that segment has remained relatively strong. So the fiber
market has held up fairly well. So really, what we're looking at is in the grade market. And I think one
of the advantages to our system and the vertical integration that we have is we do have a little bit more
flexibility when we see that third-party domestic demand fall off. We have the ability to flex additional
volume into our own internal mills. And so that really gave us the flexibility to take the harvest levels
down less than the overall demand reduction.

Derrick Laton
Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division

Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just going back to wood products. I appreciate you saying that it's a
pretty low fixed cost business. And you guys give the sensitivity to EBITDA quarterly on the price changes
for lumber and OSB. But would it be safe to assume that if those are at sort of typical operating rates and
where you're sort of looking at operations in the second quarter, that those sensitivity numbers might be a
little bit north of what the typical ones you would provide?

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

No. The sensitivity numbers that we gave were on what we'd consider our typical operating rates. And so I
would expect that as volume comes down, you're going to have to adjust for that.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Adjust down.

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, adjust down for that.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Collin Mings from Raymond James. Your next question comes
from the line of Mark Wilde from Bank of Montreal.

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Russell or Devin, I'm just -- I'm curious, are there other liquidity levers that you could pull that you'd be
willing to talk about?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, Mark, really, at a high level, the 2 additional places that you can go are either nonstrategic
Timberland sales or adding additional leverage to the balance sheet. Speaking to the Timberland sales,
obviously, we've generated a significant amount of cash over the last few years through the transactions
in Michigan and Montana. We're always looking at ways to optimize the Timberland holdings in the overall
value of our portfolio. We're continuing to do that. But we're only going to do transactions that make
sense, that create value, looking for the right deal, and we're going to continue to be very disciplined in
terms of how we do that.

I would note, just as an aside, in terms of those larger transaction, the runway is probably a little
bit longer right now just on the ground. Due diligence is a little bit more complicated with the social
distancing, title work, et cetera. Some of these things are extending that runway out a little bit.

And then the other avenue is just adding additional leverage. And so as we've said, we think it's
important to maintain an investment-grade credit rating. It's part of our overall balanced capital allocation
philosophy. I think we saw the benefit of that in our recent bond offering. And so we're really focused on
maintaining an appropriate level of leverage in this environment.

Our leverage ratio has been in excess of the 3.5x target as we maintain the dividend through an extended
period of low lumber and OSB prices in late '18 and 2019. So we just didn't feel that it's prudent at this
point to add additional leverage to the balance sheet in this environment. So those are the 2 primary
levers in addition to the CapEx, operating cost and other changes that we announced today.

Mark William Wilde
BMO Capital Markets Equity Research

Okay. Just 2 other ones. I wondered first, Devin, if you can talk about how you're handling the production
cutbacks, whether you're just trying to roll this across your system or whether you're shutting down or
idling like particular mills. And then the other thing I'm curious about is just what you're seeing from your
distribution business in terms of what the channel looks like.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Yes. Well, with respect to the operating posture decisions that we're making, it's really based on a few
things. One is the cost structure of the individual mill. And so clearly, we're going to prioritize mills with
a lower cost structure or a worse cost structure rather than our lowest cost mills as we make those
decisions. We're also on a weekly and, frankly, daily basis looking at sell-through and inventory levels at
the mills to make those decisions dynamically depending on what's going on in the market.

With respect to the distribution business, obviously, they're very close to the ground in terms of gauging
market conditions. Generally speaking, and I think this is really true across all of the products, inventory
levels are fairly low, as you would expect. I think people are cautious about building inventories in a very
uncertain environment. And so there's just been a lot of purchasing kind of to cover immediate needs.
Frankly, we think that's one of the things that we saw that kind of stabilized lumber prices over the last
couple of weeks after we saw that initial significant drop, where people were trying to gauge what was
going on in the market. People paused buying. I think there was a fair amount of destocking. And what
we've seen over the last couple of weeks is people just took their inventory levels down pretty low and had
to go out and cover. But I would say on balance, inventory levels are still pretty low across the system.

Operator

The next question comes from the line of Mark Connelly from Stephens.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Two things. You've said for quite a while that you run real estate to generate steady cash but not growing
cash. Given your comments, Russell, should we assume that, that sort of $250 million normal target is
also subject to review alongside the dividends?

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Yes, Mark, you're correct. I mean, we've kind of set that business at about a $250 million plus run rate.
And we still believe that over the long term, once we get through this COVID disruption that, that business
will return to that type of a cash flow profile.

Mark William Connelly
Stephens Inc., Research Division

Okay. And the second question is just about small land owners to the south. We were seeing small private
owners of land working pretty hard to get their trees cut in the first quarter despite the weather, which
leads me to think that they were already looking to raise cash. Do you -- are you expecting that side of
the business to curtail as quickly as you do or more than you do?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. I think with respect to the small landowners, I would expect that they're going to likely be some
of the first to turn off their production They don't necessarily have the same delivered model that a lot
of the bigger players do. They rely more on stumpage. And so as the mills dial back their consumption,
oftentimes that stumpage is one of the first to go. So yes, we would expect that, that would be a segment
that would get turned off earlier.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Steve Chercover from D.A. Davidson.

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

I wanted to take a little bit different spin on Mark Weintraub's question. We were off to a great start in
wood products with better housing late last year, good housing start applications and spiking prices until

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

the end of February. So if we had never heard of COVID, do you think you would have taken any action on
your dividend at all?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

As we think about the way the year started with 1.6 million housing starts in each of those months, that
kind of 1.5 million housing start level is really where we had expected this market to be even years ago.
And so in that environment, as we showed with our first quarter results, we generate a lot of cash flow
out of our businesses. And so certainly, as we think about the ability to generate significant EBITDA across
our businesses in that environment, and our commitment to return significant amount of that cash flow
back to shareholders, certainly, in that environment, I don't believe we would be taking the actions we
announced today by any means.

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Okay. And just wondering why did you mention the fact that Weyerhaeuser will remain in compliance with
REIT taxable income, the doctrine? Because presumably, you will be reinstating the dividend in due course
and possibly at a lower rate. So why was that necessary to even mention?

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Yes. Steve, this is Russell. I think through the suspension of the dividend, I guess, the question arises,
can we meet that 90% minimum distribution required in the REIT income. And so we have no -- we have
complete confidence we can manage the distribution requirement and in no way put the REIT status in
jeopardy. We did make the dividend payment in the first quarter of $254 million. And then we have net
operating losses that we can carry forward to offset any other REIT income in absence of the dividend.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

I mean, the real answer is we just -- we didn't want there to be any confusion about that fact. So that's
why we put it in there.

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

You remain a REIT. Got it.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes.

Steven Pierre Chercover
D.A. Davidson & Co., Research Division

Okay. One other question on a different tangent. To the extent that you have sawmills in close proximity
to tissue and board mills, which are running flat out, are you seeing a spike in chip or residual prices? And
can you take advantage of that by maybe being a little less precise on your cuts?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Well, we would -- I don't think it would necessarily be less precise on our cuts. But I -- but certainly, to
the extent that the pulp mills are in proximity to sawlog or sawmills that have reduced production and are
thereby producing fewer chips, the market for that is stronger. And so we'll certainly take advantage of
that. But honestly, in the grand scheme of things, that's really around the margins.

Operator
Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Our next question comes from the line of Collin Mings from Raymond James.

Collin Philip Mings
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Apologize if I missed this when we cut out, but I just wanted to go back to some of the discussions on
capital allocation over the near to intermediate term. Just to clarify, will the only focus be on preserving
liquidity? Or is there any appetite for share repurchases just given where the stock price is? It sounds like,
again, in response to an earlier question, roughly, you kind of highlighted the goal of keeping leverage
at a manageable level. But just kind of curious as you think about the alternatives out there where share
buybacks might fit in.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. Well, as we've said before, share repurchase can be a good tool for returning cash to shareholders
under the right circumstances. And certainly, we believe the underlying value of the company is not fully
reflected in the current stock price. But we would balance share repurchase against other capital allocation
priorities. And I think as conditions improve, we're likely to prioritize reinitiating the cash dividend over
share repurchase.

Collin Philip Mings
Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division

Got it. Just going to the ENR guidance as well. Can you maybe just elaborate a little bit more on the
reduction you outlined in the prepared remarks? Russell, I know you particularly highlighted that a lot
seems tied to the challenges associated with closing deals in the current environment. But just to clarify,
are you seeing any shift in demand or prices buyers are willing to pay? Or is it just really just kind of that
timing lag?

And then on a related note, is the lower contribution from energy and natural resources, kind of that
component of the business, can you quantify that at all?

Russell S. Hagen
Senior VP & CFO

Sure. So I would say on the real estate, we continue to see demand for the HBU properties, and the
values are remaining strong. We have a really large program. I think as we look at the components of
the program, we need to kind of break it into 2 pieces. We have small-sized HBU properties, and those
are typically under around $500,000. That's really a majority of the deals that we close, and that's pretty
sustained activity. Those are typically cash buyers. They're not as complex to complete. We are seeing
some delays just because of the social distancing, et cetera.

The larger HBU deals, and this is -- this is really what we're looking for adjusting kind of our guidance
on this is the deals that are over $500,000 or the larger ones, especially the ones that require financing.
We're experiencing some slowdown in those, and that's really due to the challenges of getting the credit in
place. So that's primarily the driver on the adjustment for the HBU sales.

But the fundamentals of the HBU market really haven't changed. One thing that we're seeing and we're
hearing, we're definitely getting a lot more traffic kind of on our websites. I think that's because people
have more time to spend on the Internet. But we are seeing more interest in people seeking out some
space. It's very profitable to provide that opportunities so they can meet that future demand.

As far as the ENR EBITDA, that's really driven by lower construction material volumes. One second, guys.
We're going to fix this.

[ Technical Difficulty ]

Okay. Sorry, we had a little feedback on our side. So for the ENR, that's really lower construction materials
volumes. The primary driver is just a slowdown of activity because of COVID and then we have less lease

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

18

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

activity. I would say if you look at 2019, 20% reduction in the real estate kind of EBITDA and then a 20%
reduction applied to the ENR EBITDA kind of gets you to where that adjustment is.

Operator

Your next question comes from the line of Anthony Pettinari.

Randy Devin Toth
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

This is actually Randy Toth sitting in for Anthony. Just quickly on the U.S. south export business. Have
conversations begun with Chinese log importers regarding the purchase of timberland out of the U.S.
south? And could that business come back quickly? Or does the waiver nature of the tariff relief limit
demand? Any color there would be helpful.

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So a couple of things on the China export market, and this is true really across the west and the
south, and then I'll get specifically to the south. As we got into the late March and April period, we did see
a reduction in the amount of log flow from New Zealand and Europe hitting that market, and that created
an opportunity for U.S. logs to hit that market. At the same time, our importers from China applied for
and received exemptions from the retaliatory tariffs. And so in the west, that was 5%; in the south, that's
25%. In the south, taking that 25% tariff off really opened that market back up. And so we've been
ramping up our production for the export market out of the south. And I think as long as that tariff stays
off, there will continue to be a good opportunity for us to grow that business.

Randy Devin Toth
Citigroup Inc, Research Division

Okay. Understood. And then just maybe switching gears to the OpEx opportunities for the year. I was
surprised with CapEx being cut by 30% or so. OpEx expectations remain unchanged. Can you maybe
touch on what is driving that and the projects being pursued this year?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes, sure. A few things. And clearly, the capital that we've put back into the business, particularly on the
wood products side, has really facilitated a lot of the cost reductions and other operating improvements
that we've seen. But what gives us, I think, confidence at this point is against that $50 million to $70
million target, we got off to a really good start in Q1. And as we think about the OpEx opportunities, not
all of those are specifically capital related. They are continuing to focus on getting better recovery, better
reliability, better -- higher-margin product production out of our mills. Those things we can continue to
do even with the reduction in CapEx. Similarly on the timberland side, the things that we're doing about
mechanized logging and improving the haul and logging efficiency. We're going to continue to work those.
Yes, it does get a little bit more challenging in this environment, but OpEx has become such an important
part of the culture at Weyerhaeuser. I'm confident that our colleagues and the businesses will continue to
drive that even in this challenged environment.

Operator

Our last question comes from the line of Paul Quinn of RBC Capital Markets.

Paul C. Quinn
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Just 2 questions. One, in reference to Steve's question on the dividend. Devin, you made a comment that
at 1.5 million housing starts, Weyerhaeuser throws off a lot of cash. Does that kind of imply that if we get
back to U.S. starts at 1.5 million, you're able to reinstate the dividend at sort of $1 billion a year level?

Devin W. Stockfish

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

19

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

President, CEO & Director

Yes. Again, so our view is that we're going to reinitiate it as soon as practicable. I think it's really going to
be dependent on what the cash flow and operating environment look like. Certainly, as housing eventually
improves back to a level that we had expected, that gives us a lot more flexibility to continue to increase
the dividend. But for us, that doesn't necessarily require that level of housing starts for us to reinitiate. We
would look to do that as soon as we can and then adjust that as market conditions improve.

Paul C. Quinn
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And then you made an interesting comment about moving more Weyerhaeuser logs to
Weyerhaeuser processing facilities. So I'm just wondering what your self-sufficiency was before that
initiative in the west and the south and what it is after, i.e., with the incremental differences?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

Yes. So typically, about 50% of the logs coming into our mills come from our fee ownership. And
obviously, that varies depending on region, but that's the average across the system. That's gone up
a bit in this environment, probably 10%, 15% across the system. And again, I think just that vertical
integration gives us the flexibility to move those logs to our internal mills when that makes sense and
when market conditions require it.

Paul C. Quinn
RBC Capital Markets, Research Division

Okay. And just maybe as a follow-up, how does that 50% differ regionally? Is that higher in the U.S. south
than the west?

Devin W. Stockfish
President, CEO & Director

It's pretty similar across the west and the south. We do have Timberlands on the Atlantic Coast where we
don't have mills. So obviously, we don't have fee logs going into our internal mills in the Atlantic Coast.
But pretty much everywhere else, we have pretty good alignment between our fee ownership and our mill
manufacturing.

All right. That was our final question. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and thank you for
your continued interest in Weyerhaeuser company.

Operator
That concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everybody, for joining. You may now disconnect.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

20

WEYERHAEUSER COMPANY FQ1 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  MAY 01, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

21

