Xerox Holdings Corporation NYSE:XRX
FQ3 2020 Earnings Call Transcripts
Tuesday, October 27, 2020 12:00 PM GMT
S&P Global Market Intelligence Estimates

-FQ3 2020-

-FQ4 2020-

-FY 2020-

-FY 2021-

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

SURPRISE

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

CONSENSUS

EPS Normalized 

0.27

0.48

Revenue  (mm)

1607.50

1767.00

Currency: USD
Consensus as of  Oct-23-2020 10:30 AM GMT

77.78

9.92

0.60

1.22

2.23

1892.55

6814.86

6930.52

FQ4 2019

FQ1 2020

FQ2 2020

FQ3 2020

- EPS NORMALIZED  -

CONSENSUS

ACTUAL

1.09

0.29

0.00

0.27

1.33

0.21

0.15

0.48

SURPRISE

22.02 %

(27.59 %)

-

77.78 %

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

1

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents

Table of Contents

Call Participants

Presentation

..................................................................................

..................................................................................

Question and Answer

..................................................................................

3

4

11

COPYRIGHT © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

2

 
XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Call Participants

EXECUTIVES

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

ANALYSTS

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC,
Research Division

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research
Division

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research
Division

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

3

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Presentation

Operator

Good morning, and welcome to the Xerox Holdings Corporation Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release
Conference Call, hosted by John Visentin, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. He is joined by Xavier
Heiss, Interim Chief Financial Officer.

During this call, Xerox executives will refer to slides that are available on the web at www.xerox.com/
investor. At the request of Xerox Holdings Corporation, today's conference call is being recorded. Other
recording and/or rebroadcasting of this call are prohibited without the express permission of Xerox.
[Operator Instructions]

During this call, Xerox executives will make comments that contain forward-looking statements, which by
their nature, address matters that are in the future and are uncertain. Actual future financial results may
be materially different than those expressed herein.

At this time, I would like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Visentin. Mr. Visentin, you may begin.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Good morning, and thank you for joining our Q3 2020 earnings call. I hope everyone is safe and healthy.

For the third quarter, revenue totaled $1.77 billion, down 19.7% in constant currency year-over-year and
up $302 million from last quarter. Free cash flow was $88 million, down $243 million year-over-year and
up $73 million from the second quarter. Adjusted earnings per share totaled $0.48, down $0.32 year-over-
year and up $0.33 from the second quarter. Adjusted operating margin was 7.4%, down 460 basis points
year-over-year and up 320 basis points from the second quarter.

I couldn't be more proud of our team. With all this year has thrown at us, the team has remained
steadfast and determined to provide exceptional support to our clients, while driving our transformation
forward.

The third quarter results reflect the agility of our business and the team's laser focus on Xerox' 4 strategic
initiatives: optimize operations, drive revenue, reenergize the innovation engine and our focus on cash
flow and increasing capital returns. Let's walk through each area.

Project Own It has instilled a strong sense of discipline and responsibility throughout the company.
Employees at all levels understand the need to make smart decisions that drive continuous operational
improvements while preserving cash. That's been especially true during the pandemic. This foundation
enabled us to react quickly to the business impacts while continuing to invest in the future. Project Own It
provides the framework to strike that balance, while positioning us to deliver at least $450 million in gross
savings this year.

We have taken and will continue to take actions focused on discretionary spending as needed. The
company's flexible cost structure gives us confidence we are well positioned to manage the business
through the pandemic's uncertainty. We're investing in a number of areas that are making us more
efficient and better able to serve our clients, including supply chain, robotic process automation and
analytics. For instance, we use predictive analytics to anticipate customers' future print needs and ensure
devices and services are optimally positioned.

In the third quarter, our robotic process automation team oversaw 1.5 million transactions, that's up 300%
year-over-year. We expect to see a similar increase over the next 18 months.

The pandemic has spurred new opportunities for growth across our portfolio as businesses balance their
workforce needs. While companies plan to return many of their employees to a workplace once it's safe,
they are adopting more flexible work policies and the technologies to support them. The office has never

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

4

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

been a stagnant place. It has evolved over the decades and will continue to do so in the future. And
Xerox will remain an important partner in that evolution, focused on providing security, collaboration and
productivity for businesses big to small.

Highlights from this quarter included: as more businesses reopened in Q3, we saw print volumes
and demand for printing devices increase compared to Q2, a sign prepandemic behaviors resume as
people return to the workplace. This uptick helped drive the improvement in our rate of revenue decline
compared to the last quarter.

In the Americas, we maintained overall market share leadership for equipment sales revenue according
to the most recent IDC data. In production, we grew market share in the areas Xerox serves. Our Baltoro
inkjet press remains unmatched in the marketplace. Demand for this press is strong with installs up year-
over-year. Demand by customers who provide essential services, such as the government, health care
organizations and schools remain strong.

IT services grew year-over-year in the third quarter, demonstrated the increased need of SMBs to protect
their infrastructure and customers' critical data. Within our service portfolio, we grew new business
signings and renewals year-over-year. Digital hub and Cloud Print and capturing content are key drivers of
this growth as they allow clients to manage content no matter where they are working. There's a strong
pipeline for these services for the remainder of the year. Security and investments in new technology are
helping drive demand for Xerox' products and services as companies support remote workers and business
increasingly is conducted online.

Cyber criminals are seeking to exploit security gaps at enterprises and small and medium-sized businesses
during the pandemic. For employees working remotely and using their own personal devices, companies
often don't know what is being printed and whether that device is secure. Xerox devices add an additional
level of security as they are armed to help detect and prevent malicious attacks, the proliferation of
malware and misuse of unauthorized access to printers. By expanding our intelligent workplace services to
the home, we are providing existing clients with the protection they need.

Similarly, investments in software, such as DocuShare Go are bridging the home and office. Go is a
new cloud-based content management platform that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning
to organize content, allows users to collaborate on files and optimize workflows. With enterprise-grade
security, it's designed with the small business user in mind. It uses a simple SaaS, pay-as-you-go model
and can be set up within minutes. Enhancements to the DocuShare portfolio have earned Xerox industry
recognition. Most recently, DocuShare received a gold award in the enterprise content management
category from Info-Tech Research Group. This award is determined based on end user feedback on the
software's features, service and innovation, among other things. We expect to build momentum within our
software portfolio as companies increasingly need tools to support a hybrid work environment.

Monetizing innovation remains a key focus, and the team continued to make progress across the
innovation pillars with 3D printing, IoT sensors and solutions and cleantech. In 3D, we are on track to
launch the first version of the liquid metal 3D printer. This product will print aluminum 4008, which is an
alloy used in multiple industries and will produce prototyping, preproduction and specific end-use parts.
Our road map includes expanding the range of metal alloys that we can print, enabling us to meet the
needs of a broader set of applications and parts over time.

We are making progress in IoT and have been awarded contracts for external pilots with select customers.
For example, we are working with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, known as DARPA, on
the Ocean of Things, a project to expand what scientists know about the seas. DARPA is deploying small,
low-cost drifters in the Southern California Bight and Gulf of Mexico to collect data on the environment
and human impact. PARC built drifters for the first phase of the project and will deliver up to 10,000 more
that are more compact and cost-effective for the next phase. Data gained in this round will help further
optimize the final design, at which point DARPA expects to deploy large volumes of these drifters.

In cleantech, the team is on track to complete the prototype in 2021 that has the potential to cut energy
consumption of air conditioners by up to 80%, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve indoor air
quality in the buildings. This is all while reducing energy bills for businesses and individuals.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

5

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

In health care, we assessed the demand for hand sanitizer, disinfectant solutions and ventilators on a
quarterly basis, all require little CapEx. As we said at the onset of the health crisis, these initiatives are
about helping save lives, and we will keep doing this as long as there's a need.

While investments in our innovation pillars are longer-term plays, the revenue and client engagements
are promising. In the third quarter, we strengthened the company's liquidity, ending the quarter with
approximately $3.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and a $1.8 billion undrawn
revolver. In the quarter, we refinanced all of our outstanding 2020 debt maturities, and in October, we
prepaid a portion of our 2021 debt. We did this using proceeds from issuing $1.5 billion of new senior
unsecured bonds and a receivable securitization. As a result, the company has only modest debt coming
due for the next 2 years.

We continue to evaluate acquisition targets, large and small, using our established M&A playbook that
focuses on ROI and IRR, among other things. We completed $150 million of share repurchases in the third
quarter and plan to complete at least another $150 million in the fourth quarter. We remain committed
to our shareholders' return policy of returning at least 50% of annual free cash flow to shareholders and
maintaining the company's current dividend rate.

I covered many of these frequently asked questions in my earlier comments, but I will recap a few key
points. Our financial results improved sequentially. While this isn't a measure we generally use, it is
another data point to understand how we are managing through the pandemic and its impact. While we
can't reliably predict what happens next, we have modeled numerous scenarios. The company's flexible
cost structure and discipline allow us to manage the business smartly through this crisis.

Strategic investments in Xerox' core adjacent and new areas are focused on addressing client needs today
and tomorrow. These and other actions position Xerox to emerge from this time in a position of strength.

I want to spend a moment on corporate social responsibility. While managing the effects of the pandemic,
we raised the bar on ourselves to contribute to a better, more sustainable future. Xerox has long been
recognized as a leader in diversity and inclusion. Knowing there's more all of us can do, we created a new
diversity and inclusion road map to increase our impact, both within Xerox and our communities.

Another area we committed to do more was on greenhouse gas emissions. Having reached our 2025
goal, 6 years early in 2019, we plan to achieve carbon neutrality no later than 2040 and reduce emissions
by at least 60% by 2030. The team's work earned Xerox the title one of the most sustainably managed
companies in the world by The Wall Street Journal. Additional information is available on Xerox' recently
published CSR report on xerox.com.

Before asking Xavier to review the financials, let me share some details on his background. The veteran
of Xerox, he's held a number of leadership positions in finance, business transformation and sales. In
fact, before his promotion to President of EMEA operations, Xavier served as our Corporate Controller and
CFO of the Americas operations. Xavier worked closely with Bill and served as an Executive Committee
member. He is well positioned to lead us through this transition. Xavier?

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Thank you for the introduction, John. Also, our business continues to be impacted by COVID-19, revenue
improved compared to the second quarter in all regions as businesses began to gradually reopen and
employees return to the workplace resulting in more of a hybrid work environment. This increased activity
enabled higher equipment installations and contributed to a lower rate of decline in print page volume
sequential cost savings from our Project Own It transformation program as well as savings from dedicated
actions to preserve cash that focus on discretionary spend item in response to the pandemic.

We generated $88 million of free cash flow in the quarter and $253 million year-to-date and we maintain
our commitment to shareholder wins, with $150 million of share repurchases and $61 million in dividend
paid in quarter 3. We ended the quarter with $3.3 billion of cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash. We
also strengthened our balance sheet and improved liquidity in the quarter by refinancing approximately

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

6

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

$1 billion of debt that mature in 2020 and, in October, we prepaid $750 million of a $1.1 billion bond that
matures in May 2021. Our $1.8 billion revolver that mature in August 2022 remains undrawn.

Looking at our third quarter financial results. Total revenue of approximately $1.77 billion in the quarter
declined 19.7% at constant currency year-over-year, $302 million above second quarter. The $412 million
decline in revenue year-over-year reflects the impact of COVID-19, which has resulted in business closure
and has limited the number of people returning to the workplace. A decline in revenue has moderated
compared to the second quarter, which I will speak about in more detail shortly.

Looking at profitability. The year-over-year ratios on measures presented here continue to be impacted by
the decline in revenue resulting from COVID-19. Adjusted operating margin of 7.4% was 460 basis points
lower year-over-year and 320 basis points above second quarter. We continue to partially mitigate the
impact of revenue decline with cost reduction from Project Own It and from other actions implemented as
a result of the pandemic, which include cost relief from temporary government assistance programs that
were available to us in quarter 3.

Gross margin was 36.8%, a decrease of 320 basis points year-over-year. The decline reflects lower
revenue, price promotion investment, transaction currency and tariffs that were partially offset by benefit
from Project Own It, government assistance programs and additional cost action. SAG as a percentage of
revenue increased 170 basis points year-over-year as accelerated revenue declines from the pandemic
more than offset the productivity benefit from Project Own It on other discretionary expense reduction.

Bad debt expense increased by $3 million in the quarter compared to third quarter 2019. Current bad debt
reserve for our trade and finance receivables are in line with our models.

RD&E, as a percentage of revenue, was 30 basis points lower year-over-year. RD&E cost reduction
included: savings from actions taken to simplify our core technology portfolio, benefit from temporary
cost reduction action and the favorable timing of investment. These savings were partially offset by higher
investment in our focused innovation area, where we continue to make progress.

Other expenses net was a credit of $15 million, which was $14 million better than prior year, primarily
due to a gain from an asset sales as well as lower nonservice retirement-related costs, reflecting lower
discount rates and a decrease in pension settlements.

Our third quarter adjusted tax rate was 21.1% compared to 27.3% in the prior year, primarily due to the
geographic mix of profit as well as the impact of discrete items on lower pretax income. Adjusted EPS of
$0.48 was $0.32 lower than the same quarter last year, driven by the impact of COVID-19, which more
than offset the benefit from cost reductions, a lower tax rate and lower shares. This was a $0.33 increase
compared to second quarter. GAAP EPS of $0.41 per share was $0.27 lower year-over-year, including
the $0.32 decline in adjusted EPS on a year-over-year decline in non-GAAP adjusted item. Non-GAAP
adjusted to EPS include: restructuring and related costs; the amortization of intangible assets; nonservice
retirement-related costs; and transaction and related costs, net; as well as the income tax on those
adjustments.

In quarter 3, we recorded $20 million of restructuring and related costs compared to $27 million in the
third quarter last year.

Next, I will discuss cash flow. In the third quarter, we generated $106 million of operating cash flow from
continuing operation, which was down $242 million from prior year and up $72 million from the second
quarter. The year-over-year decline is primarily driven by lower net income on the use of cash from
working capital, which was partially offset by an increase in cash from lower finance assets. Cash from
working capital was $143 million lower than prior year due to the lower cash from accounts receivable
and inventory that was partially offset by an increase in cash from accounts payable. The change in cash
from accounts receivable is primarily a result of higher quarter-over-quarter revenue compared to last
year, while the change in cash from inventory reflects lower sales volumes, delayed equipment installation
and lower purchases from indirect channel partner who continue to manage their liquidity as they work
through the pandemic. While our indirect partner increased their level of purchases compared to last
quarter to meet their demand, they are managing inventory level closely.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

7

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

The increase in cash from accounts payable is primarily due to the timing of payments to vendor.
Restructuring payment of $11 million were $6 million lower than prior year.

CapEx was $18 million in the quarter, and free cash flow was $88 million. We expect CapEx to be in line
with prior guidance for full year 2020, supporting our strategic growth program, including continued
investment in our IT infrastructure.

So we have no acquisition in the quarter. However, we continue to assess our pipeline of tuck-in
acquisition and strategic M&A. As a reminder, we spent $193 million in Q1 to expand our SMB strategy
internationally, and we expect full year spend for tuck-in M&A will be in line with prior guidance.

Within financing cash flow, we issued $1.5 billion of unsecured bond in August and closed a $340 million
securitization of finance assets in July. Proceeds from the bonds on securitization were used to refinance
our 2020 debt maturities of approximately $1 billion. We returned $211 million to shareholders in the
quarter, including $61 million in dividends and $150 million in share repurchases, and we will repurchase
at least $300 million of share this year. We ended the quarter with $3.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents
and restricted cash, which include $750 million of cash proceeds from our August bond insurance, which
was used in October to prepay a portion of a $1.1 billion bond that mature in May 2021.

Turning to Slide 8, I will review revenue in more detail. Third quarter revenue declined 19.7% at constant
currency. The impact of COVID-19 on our business is still sizable, but less profound compared to Q2.
Total revenue was approximately $300 million higher sequentially with improvement in the rate of decline
in equipment sales and post-sales revenue in both the Americas and EMEA. This is consistent with the
gradual reopening of business and employee returning to the workplace that enable equipment sales and
installation, and drove an increase in print volumes sequentially. In addition, we had a 52% increase in
install of our low-end, black and white entry A4 MFP devices, which is partly driven by print demand in the
hybrid work environment.

In EMEA, which has a larger indirect channel compared to the U.S., we saw an increase in purchases from
channel partner. However, they continue to monitor their liquidity and are closely managing inventory
levels.

In North America, we also saw sequential improvement within XBS and in indirect partners, and
performance remained strong in government customer within large enterprise.

Equipment sales revenue was down 16.1% in constant currency compared to a decline of 38% last
quarter. Improvement in EMEA reflects increased demand of entry product on sales of midrange office
products, including inorganic revenue from the U.K.-based dealers acquired in the first quarter this year.

In the U.S., there was a softening in the decline in revenue within our XBS and indirect channel due to
the opening of more business in the quarter compared to last quarter. While large enterprise continued to
see year-over-year growth in sales to federal government customer, we have been less impacted by the
pandemic compared to commercial customer.

Within the America, Latin America continues to suffer as lockdown persist more broadly.

Looking at product categories. Activity improved in all segments compared to second quarter. Midrange
products are mostly used in shared workplaces, and therefore, were most impacted by office closure in
quarter 2 and in quarter 3. However, in quarter 3, we did see strong demand for our recently launched
PrimeLink devices on our new generation AltaLink ConnectKey devices and higher sales to government
customers in the U.S. in this category.

In the high-end, COVID-19 continues to impact demand for our production color product, including the
Versant entry production color system on Iridesse Production Press where installs declined year-over-year.
This decline were partially offset by continued strength in demand for our cut-sheet inkjet system, Baltoro,
which is doing well in EMEA and the Americas.

In entry, we saw strong demand for our A4 black and white devices in both EMEA and the Americas,
which is, in part, a result of the hybrid work environment. Post-sales revenue declined 20.7% in

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

8

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

constant currency in the quarter compared to 33.6% last quarter, reflecting the pandemic's impact on
business opening and employees gradually returning to the workplace. Our post-sales revenue is largely
contractual, and most of our contracts include a minimum fixed charge on the variable charge based upon
print volume.

We saw a sequential improvement in the rate of decline in post-sales from Q2, which is in part due
to a moderation in the rate of decline in page volume as more business reopened. Post-sales also
include unbundled supplies, paper and other sales, which are largely sold through our indirect channel.
Sales of unbundled supplies, paper and other declined 20.2% in the quarter compared with decline of
approximately 48% last quarter when inventory purchase from indirect channel were greatly reduced in
response to lower demand as a result of the pandemic. We expect channel partner will continue to closely
monitor their purchase until there is a stable recovery in page volume.

Revenue from IT services are also recorded in post-sales and grew during the quarter in both our XBS
channel in the U.S. and from recently acquired dealer outside the U.S.

Xerox Services' revenue declined 21.3% year-over-year in constant currency compared to a 28.2% decline
last quarter. COVID-19 continued to impact the timing of customer purchasing decision but we are seeing
positive signs in our services business, including an increase in new business signing and an increase
in our renewal win rate in quarter 3, specifically for Digital Hub and Cloud Print services and content
management.

Our new business pipeline remains strong and is up in both the America and EMEA, which continues to
give us confidence that our business will continue to improve as the economy rebounds.

Next, turn to Slide 9 on our profitability on earnings. Adjusted operating margin was 7.4% in the quarter,
which was 460 basis points lower year-over-year, but improved 320 basis points from the second quarter.
The sequential improvement reflects a moderation in the rate of decline in revenue as well as continued
focus on cost reduction through our Project Own It program and cash preservation action focused on
discretionary items that are helping to mitigate the impact of COVID-19. We expect Project Own It will
deliver at least $450 million of gross cost savings this year, in addition to around $1 billion of gross cost
savings since its inception in mid-2018.

The actions developed and executed under Project Own It have helped to transform our business to be
in a position to react quickly to this year's events, which contributed to delivering positive earnings. In
addition to Project Own It, we are continuing actions focused on discretionary spend, which includes the
use of certain temporary government program to provide cost relief while minimizing the impact on our
employees. We will continue to utilize assistance as available in the fourth quarter.

Adjusted EPS of $0.48 declined $0.32 year-over-year, a sequential $0.33 improvement from last quarter
as a result of the impact of COVID-19 on our operation, which more than offset the benefit from cost
reduction, a lower tax rate and lower share.

Let's turn to Slide 10 on a review of our capital structure. In the third quarter, we took actions that
significantly increased our liquidity position. We refinanced approximately $1 billion of 2020 debt
maturities with new 5- and 8-year senior unsecured bonds and a $340 million private securitization of our
U.S. finance receivable. Our bond issuance was very well received, and we raised $1.5 billion in proceeds.
In October, we used the remaining bond proceed to prepay $750 million of a $1.1 billion bond that
matures in May 2021. Following this prepayment, our debt balance remained $4.3 billion, flat from year-
end and we now have only around $300 million of senior unsecured debt maturing in 2021 on modest debt
maturities through 2022. $3 billion of our total debt support customer financing activities and, therefore,
we break down our debt between financing debt and core debt.

Financing debt is allocating by applying a 7:1 leverage to our finance receivables and equipment on
operating lease, which together comprise our total finance assets. The remaining debt is our core debt,
which was around $2.1 billion at that time of the quarter, and we ended the quarter with around $3.3
billion of cash, cash equivalent and restricted cash, which put us in a net cash position of around $1.2
billion when netting cash against core debt.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

9

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Our pension funded status is updated annually, and as of December 31, 2019, our net unfunded pension
liability was $1.2 billion, which include around $815 million of unfunded pension liabilities for a plan that
by design are not funded. In 2019, we contributed $141 million to worldwide pension plans and expect
2020 contribution will be in line with prior guidance.

We have a $1.8 billion bank revolver, which is fully available to us. And as I just mentioned, we ended the
quarter with approximately $3.3 billion of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash.

Last, turning to Slide 11, I will wrap up. We expected a slow gradual recovery in the second half under
our base scenario. While our business improved quarter-over-quarter, we remain cautious, modeling
multiple scenarios, given the uncertainty around the pandemic on its recent surges around the globe.
We do not anticipate a recovery in our revenue to pre-COVID-19 levels this year. Having said that, we
have identified levers that can be action to manage through an elongated recovery, if required. Under the
numerous recovery scenario we have modeled, we expect to deliver positive free cash flow on earnings
in the fourth quarter. But given the level of uncertainty around the pandemic, we are not providing more
specific financial guidance for 2020.

Regarding capital allocation, we strengthened our balance sheet in the quarter and improved our liquidity
by refinancing near-term debt, resulting in modest debt maturing in 2021 and 2022. Our cash position
supports our shareholder return policy to return at least 50% of annual free cash flow to shareholders,
including dividends and share repurchases and we plan to repurchase at least $150 million of share in the
fourth quarter in addition to the $150 million repurchased in the third quarter.

This time are unprecedented and the entire Xerox management team is focused on cash and cost
management in order to anticipate scenarios that may develop.

I will now turn it back to John.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO
Thank you, Xavier. Now let's open the line for questions.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

10

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Question and Answer

Operator

[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ananda Baruah from Loop Capital.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

I really appreciate you taking the questions and congrats on continued progress. I know there's probably
a lot of questions, so I'll try to keep it brief. The -- I guess, the first is that, did you talk -- you gave good
detail about the geos and sort of high-level on the environment. Could you give a little more context on
some of the comments that you made around sort of adding and renewing contracts at Fortune 500? Do
you think this is something that has legs? Or are people genuinely looking at sort of putting on projects
and doing refreshes that are put on the side and things like that? And then along with that is you talked
of growing market share and production, and growing share in entry segments. And could you talk to
why that is or why you believe that's the case? And are there any structural shifts going on there that are
leading to that? And then I have one quick follow-up.

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Okay. So regarding the environment on the renewal contract there, as you know, Xerox is focused on
selling what we call added value contract to our customers here. And what we see from a renewal point
of view is, first, our renewal win rate improved sequentially quarter-over-quarter. And we saw as well an
uptick in what is our new offerings supporting COVID-19, specifically, all offerings around software and the
digital transformation, including Digital Hub and the Cloud Print services there. So good traction. Company
are still looking at transforming some of their processes on leveraging our offerings there.

Regarding market share, yes, this is IDC data, quarter 2 data. We're quite proud of having maintained
our production leadership on both region, America and EMEA, with, I would say, significant improvement
there. We are also seeing -- and this is related to the, I'll call that, hybrid work environment. We're
also seeing a lot of activity around entry product A4 printers there. And we are quite unique here by
providing under a safe, secure, controlled and cost competitive environment, we are providing offerings to
customers that match our requirements.

Ananda Prosad Baruah
Loop Capital Markets LLC, Research Division

That's super helpful. And then just quickly on free cash flow for December. What are the different sort
of levers and offsets that could have the free cash flow not be positive? It's usually a strong -- or your
strongest free cash flow quarter and you were positive this quarter. And so what would cause it? What are
the different levers and what would cause it not to be?

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Yes. So as you know it, Ananda, we have put in place the cost discipline. And I would put that finance
flexibility in our model that give us, I will say, confidence that we can deliver positive earnings on the free
cash flow during quarter 4.

One key lever within this is around, first, delivering our earnings. The second point is on working capital,
and we have levers here that we have identified, and the team is currently putting a lot of discipline
around improving some of the working capital levers.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Matt Cabral from Crédit Suisse.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

11

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

As you guys have started to see customers return to the office, wondering if you could talk about what
page volume or usage trends have looked like for those customers compared to prepandemic levels? And
then looking forward, just curious if you think the sequential improvement in revenue continues into Q4
and into next year? Or have you seen things start to slow down a little bit as cases have begun to pick up
again around the world?

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Yes. And Ananda -- I'm sorry, not Ananda.

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Matt.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Sorry about that. Matt, as we look at it, as we do our modeling, we're modeling a modest improvement
quarter-over-quarter. And again, we can't model the uncertainty of the pandemic. We really can't predict
what it's going to look like. But I can say that our strategy continues to capture the top line opportunities.
And I think of how we go about doing it is, as companies are in a hybrid environment today, they're
requiring technologies that increase productivity. And that's a discussion that goes on while maintaining
security. Security is becoming a big issue in this hybrid environment as well as cost effectiveness. And
we've been investing in these offerings in IT services and DocuShare Go, our intelligent workplace
services, our capturing content. And that's a bit what's allowing us to capture, not only renewals, but also
new deals going forward.

Matthew Normand Cabral
Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division

And then as my follow-up, circling back to the prior answer on working capital. Just wondering if you can
talk a little bit more about when you think that will start to reverse, particularly on inventory, given some
of the revenue dynamics.

And thinking about capital allocation more broadly, wondering if you can talk about your ability to maintain
this level of buybacks as we head into next year ad how you're sort of weighing M&A versus repurchases
going forward.

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Okay. So regarding -- Matt, so regarding working capital, as I mentioned it here, this is our area of focus
in quarter 4. You know that usually, sequentially, our quarter have like a seasonality. I don't know if you
noticed it there. But in quarter 3, quarter 3 was our highest quarter from a revenue point of view this year,
where usually quarter 2 came as a second and quarter 4 is the best quarter here. So we expect and we
have modeled, we have different models here, managing the -- or modeling the different outcomes that
could happen during the quarter there. But we expect quarter 4 to be a stronger quarter from a revenue
point of view versus quarter 3 sequentially, and this will help some of the lever that we have on working
capital and specifically on inventories.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Yes. And the only thing I would add is that we continue to be opportunistic about M&A despite the
COVID-19 crisis, and we evaluate our pipeline with a disciplined approach looking at IRR, ROIC, cash flow

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

12

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

yields and we're looking both at tuck-ins and strategic acquisitions. That's ongoing. That hasn't stopped,
Matt.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Shannon Cross from Cross Research.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

John, I was wondering if you could talk a bit about how you're thinking about the various scenarios you're
modeling, and what I'm trying to get at is, is there an opportunity for maybe some fundamental changes
in how Xerox approaches business? You've done certain things. You outsourced, obviously, with global
imaging to HCL for back office. I'm wondering, thinking back to some of the things that maybe Pitney
Bowes has done over the years as they face some pretty significant revenue challenges. Maybe moving
more to inside sales, I don't know, changing the way that you approach from a technician standpoint and
a maintenance standpoint. I'm just curious as to maybe if you can give us an idea of the scope of what
you're looking at and how much flex you do you think there is in the model. And then I have a follow-up.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Yes. So as we're modeling, we're modeling all scenarios, as you can imagine. And if we look at what
happened in Q2, we still managed to deliver a positive free cash flow. But we're modeling, going forward,
we continue to make sure that as part of our modeling, we're continuing investments. So if we think of
just inside of our business, I spoke briefly about RPA and robotics. And in the quarter, just our robotics
process automation, we sold over 1.5 million transactions across the organization. That's like 300%
increase year-over-year. And that's in everything from order to cash to supply chain to human resources
to sales.

We're also focused on this whole DocuShare Go, I come back to the hybrid environment, and what we're
seeing is a trend of clients asking for security and cost effectiveness because we're not modeling everyone
going back to the office in the near future. Because if that happens, we don't need to model it, we have it.
But what we are modeling is how we're helping our clients transition and assure that their employees are
secured and productive going forward.

And finally, I would say, innovation. We continue to invest in innovation. We're continuing to invest in
monetizing the long-term innovation and in areas that gives us a little bit of confidence as we're starting
to see contracts like the DARPA contract that we just explained. In cleantech, we'll have a prototype in
2021, that seems to be on track right now. So there's a lot of exciting coming into innovation. While we're
not anticipating the revenue this year, it helps us with the future.

Shannon Siemsen Cross
Cross Research LLC

Okay. And then I'm curious from an equipment standpoint, clearly, there was some pressure on margins,
I assume, because of the mix shift more to the lower-end devices. But just in general, as you talk to your
suppliers and think about where pricing is and the environment, how should we think about the ability to
hold in margins? And also, on page volume, how should we think about -- or cost per page, I guess, how
should we think about the pricing environment there, too, given the weak environment that we're in?

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Shannon, as you know, we manage very carefully the margin here. And we are not -- we called that like a
me-too environment where we just have to sell the price of a [ box ], the equipment that we have come
with services there and we brought as well with the ConnectKey environment, a lot of functionality that
our customer required currently in the new work environment. So all the abilities, the ability to manage
workflow and digitization of the document helps them in the current environment here.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

13

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

So the mix change that you mentioned there is one of the things that we observed there, but at the same
time, we manage this here. Just for you maybe to get insight on this quarter, currently has a little bit of
an impact there on the margin from a pressure and a little bit of tariff when you speak about year-over-
year. But also quarter-over-quarter, some of the tariff had an impact, too. So we still continue to manage
margin very strictly there. And we want to be certain to get the right offer at the right price in front of our
customers.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster from JPMorgan.

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Just first of all, on the black and white entry-level product, which seems to be doing quite well at the
moment, owing to the hybrid work model. How much -- did you feel like that's got legs to it? And how has
it changed your sort of go-to-market motion? I mean some of the fulfillment, obviously, is going to be to
the home and I imagine some of the purchase decisions have shifted to the employees -- or, at least, in
some businesses. Perhaps you can just talk us through that a bit?

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Yes. So Paul, the first thing is that the -- what you call the entry model there, so A4 black and white, is
now becoming part of the new hybrid model there. And as you know it, employees would be asked to work
from anywhere. And working from home is also a trend that we are seeing here. However, we are not like
in a personal printing model there. So we are speaking here about literally what enterprise customers ask
us to deliver, which is secured and by secure means a bulletproof environment from a security point of
view. So company knows that what is being printed or being sent to printer is safely printed there.

And second point a cost competitive set of machines there. And by cost competitive, it's not only the
price of the equipment, but it's also the post-sales on the cost of consumables coming with the equipment
there. So we see progressively this shift, and this is complementing the offerings that we have currently
with our existing set of products there.

To answer to your second point regarding channel inventory, the good point is that channel inventory
-- [ week ] of inventory has improved from quarter 2 to quarter 3. And we see, as I mentioned it, our
channel partner, making wise decision on cash management there and we are supporting their purchase
there. And we are clearly driving the activity when they have the end point demand with them there. So
channel inventory is not a concern. And we have the route to market to enable these new ways of working
in this hybrid environment.

Paul Coster
JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division

Okay. Quick follow-up for John. I imagine your uncertainty is really an expression of your customers'
uncertainty. And in the enterprise space, I imagine most of them are sort of making things up as they go
along here because we all are. But have any of them said to you, we've had a fundamental rethink about
the way in which we use printers, good or bad, a sort of strategic level decision that you think we should
be aware of?

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

No. I would say that the discussion is more based on, I have this workforce today that's remote, how
do I keep it secure? How do I assure what they're printing is not going to get me in trouble in the future
because there's a lot of information that's out there? Secondly, the conversation that happens, at least at
my level and below it, is the costs. So while at the beginning, everybody went running home and acquiring
printers and PCs and all that, everyone is pretty much acquiring their own supplies, and there's really no
control. So those are the 2 things they're looking at.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

14

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

So this hybrid environment, we don't know how long it's going to be. We don't know what percentage
it's going to come back to the office, Paul. But we do know that as this goes on, productivity becomes
important, security becomes important, workflows -- understanding where the workflow is becomes
important, and that's where we've been focusing on with our clients in the large enterprise.

SMB, same conversation, slightly different. While they're looking at virtual prints and they're looking at
ways that if they have to work from home, how do they know what's being workflowed at home and how
do they assure they keep their information. That's a little bit where we're seeing upticks, and we look at IT
services and our softwares and all of them growing quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citigroup.

James Dickey Suva
Citigroup Inc., Research Division

First one clarification question, then kind of a more detailed question. On the clarification question on your
prepared comments, you mentioned keeping the dividend rates where it is. Some people interpret rates in
2 different manners. One is a payout rate, like as a percent of cash flow generation. Some people consider
it as a rate like a yield percent. And some people consider the rate like you currently have, I think it's
about $1 per share. So if you could just maybe clarify that?

And then the more detailed question is, can you talk about the innovations coming out of our Research
PARC. It sounds like the liquid metal is the kind of one that's coming out more sooner, and I don't recall
hearing a lot more about the HVAC system. Is that still in the works? And it sounds like that's kind of a
little bit of a longer-term one. But just update us on Research PARC.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Jim, no change on the dividend amount. So that's really no change. It's what it's always been, okay? Just
answered that.

And then on innovation, it's really -- we're still on track. So we're looking at monetizing. We've talked
about 3D IoT. And in 3D, we're on track to launch the first version of the liquid metal 3D printer. It will
print aluminum 4008, which is one of the alloys we're working on and it's in multiple industries, we'll
produce prototyping. We're having conversations now with the possible clients on utilizing it before we
formally announce it. And our road map includes expanding the range of metal alloys. So as we're looking
at these offerings in innovation, it's important to have road maps that go across the next 2 to 3 years.

In cleantech, we're excited, like it's science, but the team right now is on track to complete a prototype in
2021. And that, it has the potential to cut the energy consumption of air conditioning of up to 80%. So it's
not just -- it's reducing greenhouse gas emissions, indoor quality in the buildings and frankly, it's going to
be reducing energy bills for businesses and individuals. So we're excited about that. But it's science, and
we're looking -- right now, we're on track to develop a prototype by 2021.

Operator

Our next question comes from the line of Katy Huberty from Morgan Stanley.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Just looking at segment performance, those with more channel exposure like EMEA and supplies and paper
improved faster than the rest of the business. So I guess the question is whether you view that restocking
as a onetime benefit? Or could we continue to see restocking as we go into the fourth quarter and early
2021?

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

15

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

So first of all, yes, EMEA had a little bit more pickup there. You know that COVID-19 had an impact as
well. The business reopened a little bit earlier than in other geography, specifically compared well to Latin
America, which is a large -- one of our large channel area there.

Regarding supplies, paper, so everything which is around inventory management, as I mentioned earlier,
our partner, distributor and reseller managed their cash currently very wisely. And clearly, we do not
expect like a big stocking activity happening there. What we expect is just the seasonality -- the quarter 4
seasonality, where we see an uptick on sales but we do not expect the partner to go back to a high level of
inventory or higher level of inventory. They are managing their cash very wisely currently.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

And what do you view as normal seasonality in 4Q, sort of up 8% to 10% sequentially or something like
that?

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

So we -- usually, we do not provide this number, Katy, as you know, that there. But if you look at
historically, our quarter 4 is a stronger quarter. But let's be also here, let's face the facts there, the ability
for certain customer at the end of the year to use their budget and to close their fiscal year there will
certainly be different this year compared to former years here. So I won't use a pure reference point.
We are modeling all potential scenarios here in order to ensure that, as we mentioned it, we will deliver
positive earnings and positive free cash flow in the quarter.

Kathryn Lynn Huberty
Morgan Stanley, Research Division

Okay. And Xavier, you walked through the dynamics around the year-on-year decline in gross margin. Can
you walk through what drove the 170 basis point sequential decline in gross margin given the revenue
improvement?

Xavier Heiss
Executive VP & Interim CFO

Yes. So it is mainly on the -- if you look at this, I explained it high level there, but we had a little bit of
tariff impact on some, I call that, not technical items, but items related to the mix that we have in the
business. But I would say, not so significant here. What we have seen as well there is that from a gross
margin point of view, we have had some, I call that, subsidies or money being given by our government
here. Quarter 2 over quarter 3, this amount was less. So I won't give you precise number there but it was
significantly less on as well if you model quarter 4. In quarter 4, we do not expect this amount to be as
strong or as big as what they were in quarter 2 and a little bit less than in quarter 2.

Operator

And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program
back to John Visentin for any further remarks.

Giovanni G. Visentin
Vice Chairman & CEO

Okay. Thank you for your time today. Look, we continue to be guided by the strategic imperatives we've
laid out. The strong fiscal policy instilled throughout our company provides the flexibility to increase
investments or dial back spending where necessary. Behind every challenge is an opportunity, and we
have taken this opportunity to speed our transformation and invest in our future. Be safe and be well.

Operator
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the
program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

16

XEROX HOLDINGS CORPORATION FQ3 2020 EARNINGS CALL |  OCT 27, 2020

Copyright © 2020 by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All rights reserved.

These materials have been prepared solely for information purposes based upon information generally available to the public
and from sources believed to be reliable. No content (including index data, ratings, credit-related analyses and data, research,
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered,
reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission
of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or
unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy,
completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions, regardless
of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED ON "AS IS" BASIS. S&P GLOBAL
PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS,
THAT THE CONTENT'S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental,
exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without
limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content
even if advised of the possibility of such damages. S&P Global Market Intelligence's opinions, quotes and credit-related and other
analyses are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase,
hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market
Intelligence may provide index data. Direct investment in an index is not possible. Exposure to an asset class represented by an
index is available through investable instruments based on that index. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to
update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the
skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other
business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered
as such. S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and
objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to
other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain nonpublic
information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from
obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made
available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.ratingsdirect.com and www.globalcreditportal.com
(subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors.
Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
© 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence.

Copyright © 2020 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence

17

